I went on a successful date with someone I felt sympathy and connection with.
I was happy when my son got 90% marks in his examination 
I went to the gym this morning and did yoga.
We had a serious talk with some friends of ours who have been flaky lately. They understood and we had a good evening hanging out.
I went with grandchildren to butterfly display at Crohn Conservatory

I meditated last night.
I made a new recipe for peasant bread, and it came out spectacular!
I got gift from my elder brother which was really surprising me
YESTERDAY MY MOMS BIRTHDAY SO I ENJOYED
Watching cupcake wars with my three teen children
I came in 3rd place in my Call of Duty video game.
I completed my 5 miles run without break. It makes me feel strong.
went to movies with my friends it was fun 
I was shorting Gold and made $200 from the trade.
Hearing Songs It can be nearly impossible to go from angry to happy, so you're just looking for the thought that eases you out of your angry feeling and moves you in the direction of happiness. It may take a while, but as long as you're headed in a more positive direction youall be doing yourself a world of good.
My son performed very well for a test preparation.
I helped my neighbour to fix their car damages. 
Managed to get the final trophy in a game I was playing. 
A hot kiss with my girl friend last night made my day
My new BCAAs came in the mail. Yay! Strawberry Lemonade flavored aminos make my heart happy.
Got A in class.
My sister called me from abroad this morning after some long years. Such a happy occassion for all family members.
The cake I made today came out amazing. It tasted amazing as well.
There are two types of people in the world: those who choose to be happy, and those who choose to be unhappy. Contrary to popular belief, happiness doesn't come from fame, fortune, other people, or material possessions
My grandmother start to walk from the bed after a long time.
i was able to hit a top spin serve in tennis
I napped with my husband on the bed this afternoon and it was sweet to cuddle so close to him.
My co-woker started playing a Carley Rae Jepsen song from her phone while ringing out customers.
My son woke me up to a fantastic breakfast of eggs, his special hamburger patty and pancakes. 
After a long time my brother gave a suprise visit to my house yesterday.
I went to the movies with my sister today for the first time since a long time.
I consumed a well garnished bowl of ramen twice today. It was so delicious.
I picked my daughter up from the airport and we have a fun and good conversation on the way home.
My daughter waved at me and said "mama" for the first time when I came home this morning
Going to the mountains and hiking the trail to the top.
We were competing against another team in a online game, I was playing with my friends most of them were my childhood friends, 
we grew up together and went to the same school since we're just kids. We've been playing this game together for almost 2 years 
now and we kinda formed a team for ourselves for this game. The game started smoothly and everyone was being hyped about the fight. 
Slowly, things started to become interesting and exciting then before we know it it became a close fight where the score was 2-2, 
1 more point
and the winner will be declared. Everyone was looking up to me since they knew I was the best within my friends in
this particular game. I started commanding them to what to do and what to expect against our enemies. This game,
 It was a team based game, 5 vs 5. My team was starting to fail and demoralization ensues 
but I tried and did my best, before I knew it, we won! I maneuvered through each attack of the enemy and with skill
and with some luck I dodged and countered them.
I went for a run in the neighborhood. I enjoyed the perfect weather.

I hang out with my fiancee and we had dinner together
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
My older daughter keeps patting my younger daughter's head.
I was feeling lonely after a long day's work. When I called my husband, he said he is on the way to pick me up as his meeting was over. I was surprised and excited.
I received an award for my work on a tough loan process that I helped develop.
when i received flowers from my best friend
My spouse gave me a kiss and big hug in the morning,when i go to office
My son gave me a big hug in the morning
I cooked and ate a wonderful sausage and cheese omelet.
I achieved my daily income goal.
i met my favorite superstar for the first time
I remember yesterday as being totally different from many of my Mondays. It felt like Spring finally, the sun was bright, the temperatures were warm.
I ate a very good dinner with my family
I went shopping 
The phone that I have ordered in a local online store was delivered this morning. I like the phone so much!
TODAY MORNING MY SON'S EXAM RESULTS CAME. HE HAD GOT DISTINCTION THAT IS FIRST GRADE  IN ALL SUBJECTS I FELT VERY HAPPY
I bought a new TV
Our national cricket team won the test match and the series this morning. This win sealed our position as the no.1 Test team in the world. This made me very happy today.
I made a bunch of extra sales in my side business last night.
I walked to work and back with my partner.
I got a promotion today after 2 years of service at my job.
My sister and I had a long chat about what was happening in our lives right now. I enjoyed reconnecting with her.
I woke up early in the morning at 7 am against daily of 8:30 am
my partner buy a big cake for me its very nice and tasty .i never expect the cake from my partner he really loves me lot .the cake is very delicious and very cold .the taste was very different compared to other cake .the day was went very interesting and i spent most of the time with my partner .we went to movie and we had a fun .i really miss my partner and after that most of the day i love to spent with him.
when i logged on to account on m-turk i saw that all the pending hits  have got approved and i still had 100% acceptance   
I slow cooked a chuck roast on my stove that came out great.
I saw two close friends that I haven't seen for a couple months.
I cooked my girlfriend a wonderful breakfast.
Today morning I was selected as a Junior Engineer for a leading and familiar mobile sales company.
a smile from my son faces make be happy everyday, today also I got it
I was happy when one of my day trade gave me good profit today. 
I took my dog for a long walk on a beautiful day.
I was running around after the kids and my husband grabbed me and told me I was beautiful, perfect, smart, special and that he loved me. 
My 3yrs son felt very bad for kicking me and said " mom i'm very sorry for kicking you i wont repeat this".I felt happy in this age he realizes his mistake.
Long ago, men went to sea, and women waited for them, standing on the edge of the water, scanning the horizon for the tiny ship. Now I wait for Henry. He vanishes unwillingly, without warning. I wait for him. Each moment that I wait feels like a year, an eternity. My husband is comedy man and that moment is happy mood.My baby born   in this moment.
I lost 2 kgs of weight after a month long effort I had put to achieve it.
i finally learned to cook chicken

My girlfriend told me she loved me and that she hoped to marry me one day. 
I was very tired after work, but I still managed to go for a 12 mile bicycle ride. This is great since I had knee surgery 2 months ago.
I took my girlfriend out for a nice Birthday dinner and got to watch her open her presents. It was a really fun evening.
Going for some running and exercising after three days break.
I did my income taxes for this year and I have a nice refund coming.
Everyone works at his own pace, so why compare yourself to others? If you think you're better than someone else, you gain an unhealthy sense of superiority. If you think someone else is better than you, you end up feeling bad about yourself. Youall be happier if you focus on your own progress and praise others on theirs.
I was able to do 150 push-ups today which is the highest I've done. 
My Mother gave me a surprise visit at my home.
We celebrated our anniversary with my boyfriend.
We booked our beach vacation for May of this year.
After a long time of waiting i finally got my tickets for my favourite movie released yesterday that too for a first day first show.It was really an awesome feeling still i could feel it all the way.I get goosebumps when i relive the moment in theatre.
I met with my city mayor and given valuable advice for development of city.
INDIA WON THE SERIES AGAINST AUSTRALIA MADE ME TO FEEL HAPPY
I finished painting my granddaughters bedroom
After taking some off at the gym(due to illness) I was able to wake up early and complete my normal squat workout at the same weight I had done prior to my break. 
Last night my sister born a baby and I got new relation which is UNCLE this is happiest moment for me.
I got a new phone and it is great because I have never had a phone before. 
My son results is today its got very good he scored 99% in school its so happy to see the results
I got travel visa as a tourist for 3 months to Australia
Hi, The thing that made me happy is, I have finished all my tasks in my office and got appreciation from team leader for the work done yesterday that moment made me happy in the past 24 hours.  Yesterday I performed well and this is the first time I got team topper position that moment made me happy.
I could do 108 suryanamaskars in 40 mins for which I would otherwise take 60 mins!!
We know that sleep helps our bodies to recover from the day and repair themselves, and that it helps us focus and be more productive. It turns out, itas also important for our happiness.Our commute to the office can have a surprisingly powerful impact on our happiness.
I went to sports club and did running and exercise that's why I feel very fresh and happy.
I got engaged with my parents support
I found a poet that I really love a lot on twitter. 
There was hardly any traffic on my way to work this morning.
I got very happy because of doing more task in mechanical turk and got more reward points. It made me to feel happy in the last 24 hours 
Seeing most of my friends and being able to catch up with them filled me with joy.
I came to my office at right time.
My family went to a wildlife park. It was so beautiful.
The day I got my degree in industrial engineering
Frankly, I am constipated over the past 2 days and not able to defecate, today my bowel got cleared that moment really makes me feel happy and my bowel feels well that moment makes me feel happy really.
i read a great book about motivation and attitude
I won a cricket match and i played really well.
One happy moment that happened to me in the past 24 hours would be that I went back to work today for the first time in 4 years. 
I woke up early this morning and witnessed a beautiful sunrise.
Taking a nice warm shower. It was really good and relaxing.
we went to vacation to my native place.my parents and siblings are there.it was great feel with my family.we ate a lot with my family and had a fun.
I saw a rainbow and it made me to feel very happy since i have never seen rainbow in reality.
I Saw my Dad when i went to his office. He was so popular among his staff and Many people know him. This thing makes me happy for my Dad.
Yesterday night I went for a movie with my family.We had great fun spending time together.
I went to office hour of one of my professors, and I realized that he was the most caring professor/mentor ever.
We all ladies member from my family went for a lunch at seven star hotel n it was so much fun when all ladies go together n gossip 
A made quite the progress on an old rusty workbench I am restoring at the moment. With the new paint it looks like new.
When my wife came home from work and we shared a steak dinner together with a bottle of wine.
Julia was such a good girl last night on the lunge and was trying very very hard to do what was asked of him without getting panicky and throwing a resulting wobbles!
my son went to football match with his friends, he came home very happy that his team won the match.seeing him happy we felt very happy.
In the morning my 2 years daughter apply ointment for my severe headache.
Getting all my errands done and completed.
gathering with old friends from school
Today I was happier than usual because I ate all my veggies that I put on my plate. I usually leave some leaves on the plate, but not today.
I was able to beat my record for bench press
Summer holidays have began for my kids and i was happy
This is the second essay in a two-part series about my journey to visit the Taj Mahal. Read the first part for the whole story.

A
GRA, Uttar Pradesh, India a As soon as my train to Agra leaves from Delhi, I find myself confused again. Iam lying on my reserved upper berth, though most of the train car beds arenat being used and almost all of the passengers are sitting on lower seats. I feel ridiculous, like Iam emperor of my train car, overseeing the rest of the passengers from above. Meanwhile, men pass by below me, offering a mysterious vegetarian curry out of industrial-sized buckets. I motion for one to serve me some on a paper plate, but when I try to pay for the food, he wonat accept any money. This is the first time Iave gotten anything for free in India. I conclude that the food is going to kill me.

While Iam eating, the train makes a stop and passengers disembark, but the conductor makes no announcements. I canat see through any of the trainas tiny lower windows from my upper bunk. I have no idea where I am.

aIs this Agra?a I ask a man sitting below me. I ask as nicely as possible, in an attempt to avoid appearing as a self-righteous train car emperor, shouting questions to my serfs. After all, I remember, Taj Mahal-builder and Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan was overthrown by his son soon after the Taj Mahalas completion. The man below shakes his head and, in Hindi, I think he tells me that we still have a long ride to Agra. Another man walks by selling non-vegetarian food in foil tins. The first shots of an intestinal war have already been fired as a result of my free bucket food, so I decline. As the train chugs toward Agra, stopping at stations along the way, I find myself continuously recruiting new serfs below me to keep track of where we are. By the time Iam halfway through the journey, I have an eighteen year old kid, two Indian soldiers, and a young woman a none of whom can speak English a trying to assist me. Itas easy to accidentally aggregate helpers on the train; mercifully, Indians tend to be especially protective of clueless Westerners trying to make sense of Indian public transportation. At one point, the two Indian soldiers demand that a teenager move his feet resting on my berth, and the young woman makes food recommendations as buckets whisk by. Theyare kind of like four Train-Fairy Godmothers. Soon, I fall asleep.

Suddenly, I awake to the sound of four Indians chanting aAgra! Agra!a in unison. I abruptly end my time as train car emperor, jump down from my bed, thank the four of them, and catch a taxi to my Agra guesthouse. Before he leaves, I arrange for my taxi driver to pick me up at 6 AM the next morning to take me to the Taj Mahal.

In the morning, I tell my driver to take me to the East Gate of the Taj Mahal. He promptly takes me to a roundabout near the West Gate instead a though his aEast Gate!a announcement upon our arrival is quite convincing. Indiaas perpetually dishonest taxi drivers always have ulterior (and sometimes mysterious) motives; in this case, he was trying to save gas by taking me to the Gate closer to my hotel and, according to Lonely Planet, possibly collect a kickback from camel and rickshaw drivers sitting near the West Gate waiting to take tourists to the Tajas ticket office. I donat bother to argue with him since thereas not much time until sunrise, and I walk quickly to the entrance. Standing in line with about twenty other mostly Indian tourists, Iam surprised to see a lack of Westerners a I imagined that every white person in India would be flocking to the Taj Mahal.

Finally, the doors open, and I catch my first glimpse of the building considered to be the most beautiful in the world, one whose creator boasted that it made athe sun and the moon shed tears from their eyes.a I see the famous white, marble dome peeking through the arch of the Great Gate as tourists hold cameras high above their heads to get their first snapshot. I walk deliberately toward and around the Taj, soaking in the dawn, slowly taking photos from every possible angle. A handful of photographers gather in front of the adjacent Taj Mahal mosque with me to capture the sun as it rises behind it. Everyone is reverent, taking care not to interfere with othersa photographs and offering to help take posed pictures. The moment is perfect for the photographer gaggle: mist blankets the Yamuna River behind the structure, and the building looks like it has risen spontaneously from a clouded heaven, a concrete manifestation of nirvana.

The simple presence of the Taj, built as a symbol of eternal love by Emperor Jahan in memory of his third wife who died during childbirth, seems to encourage even rabid photographers to cooperate with each other.

I spend almost two hours touring and photographing the Taj, walking around its walls, admiring the calligraphy on the entrance arch, gazing at the minarets, and touching the intricate lattice screens in the mausoleum interior. Iam just about finished, taking a few final classic Taj Mahal reflection pool photographs from outside, when a beautiful, young blond woman performing playful, provocative poses for her friends camera catches my eye. Soon, a string of Indian men, and some Indian families too, start interrupting to ask her to pose with them in souvenir photos.

aThe Indian tourists seem more interested in your white skin and blond hair than the white marble of the Taj Mahal,a I say to her. aIam pretty sure a lot of these Indian guys are leaving with more pictures of you than the Taj.a

She chuckles and introduces herself to me as Sophie, from France, and, quickly, weare trading funny stories of our travels through India. We like each other immediately. We find ourselves chatting in front of the Tajas reflection pool for about a half hour as Indian men gawk at us. But when Sophie and I realize that weare headed in opposite directions a she toward Amritsar in northern India and me toward Kerala in southern India a we share an awkward moment during which we realize that this is the one and only meeting of our entire lives.

well, it truly has been a pleasure, Hank,a she says. Her eyes hold on mine. For a long moment, she doesnat look away. I canat tell whether sheas staring at me or at the exquisite reflection of the Taj Mahal in the pool behind me.

She walks past me, in front of the rising sun. Then, she glances back at me one last time, smiles, and then shifts her gaze, once again, toward the world's most beautiful symbol of eternal love.
My father bought me a bicycle.
I just cracked an interview at IBM that made me feel happy like never before
I flew one of my RC model planes around in my yard.  I was able to maneuver around trees in my yard and power lines at the side of the road.  I sometimes have minor crash's due to the confined space but often am able to fly a nice long flight without any incidents at all.  This was one of those times.  It is super fun. 
I went to my home and given an Ice Cream Family pack to my family particularly in to the hands of my son and it creates a joyful moment. 
My son came home and said he had study words, and wanted to bond with me while working on them together
I went to the grocery store to buy a cooked whole chicken from the deli and found that it was half-price for the day.
My went to a movie with my friends , had popcorn and coke.Was fun !
My Neice and Nephew gave me a hug and kiss today morning
I laughed with my English class about silliness during last period.
Today 10.00 am I got my driving license  for 2 wheeler & 4 wheeler . since last week I was waiting this driving license.
I completed all my flashcards for an upcoming test.
Its the little things, when I went to the gym today to do squats and other leg lifts, the power-cage was open all afternoon.
My daughter did very good on a big test at school. 
I am able to sleep longer than usual
Yesterday solved a big issue related to family
In the past 24 hours, I talked to my friend who doesn't call very often.
I had a long talk with my son who lives very far away fro me. We always have good conversations.
I finally mastered how to make crispy tofu.
After 3 long weeks of deep snow covered ground we finally had enough warm days in the Northeast for the snow to melt and I was able to start my day with a fantastic hike up the Appalachian trail that runs nearby my home. I felt as though my entire life suddenly came back into balance after being held back for weeks due to the enormous amount of snowfall :)
I am working as principal. I have applied for the post of CEO, today morning i received this confirmed notification mail. I was very happy and whatever they expected from me. I gave everything through post. Thanks for remembering me this incident.
I got a bonus at work for a creative idea that i came up with to enhance safety.I can now buy something nice for myself.
My husband says me 'I love u ' when i woke up in the morning.
I run run run and run, finally i catch a bus disappearing form my eyes. Its make me feel nice.
I left my key in my motor cycle and searched for half an hour. My neighbor house uncle came and gave the key and I was very happy. 
I was able to get a Xbox Game.
I saw that girl I loved very much at Mui Ne Bay. That face I loved and I missed very much
Riding home on a sunny but cool afternoon, along riverside path.
I got promoted as Senior Manager yesterday, i am more than happy.
I met my college friends today. We had a good time together and we had enough time chatting with each other. We went to our favourite destination the cream centre, where we explored the delicious taste of ice creams.
I took some time and played with my pet rabbit for a while. 
My husband told me he loves me, this morning.
My oldest dog suffers from congestive heart failure, and she seemed to be feeling much better today.  I felt quite relieved.
1. I had a super good mail day yesterday and received lots of items I ordered off amazon.
.

all my family went out to watch a film
I ate some peanut butter M&Ms while watching John Oliver. They were delicious and he was hilarious.
TO DAY MORNING I TRAINED MY NEIGHBOR CHILD TO RUN CYCLE. I ENJOYED A LOT 
I went out for dinner with my friends and enjoyed a lot.  
I was able to play my video game that I enjoy the most quite a bit and that made me relaxed and happy.
i have run for 6 miles and the feeling is great.
I got a pet as gift from my parents
I had intimate relations with a wonderful person whom I love.
My sore throat cleared up.
I got to see my girlfriend and help her celebrate her birthday
i brought a new mobile to day morning
I enjoyed play Soccer with my brother
I went power walking in the local mall. Many of the walkers smiled and waved.
A happy moment was when my granddaughter gave me a big hug.  She is not a very kind of girl that gives hugs a lot, so when I got a hug, it was just wonderful.
In the past 24 hours, what made me happy was my Mother's day card from my 7 year old son where had written the kindest, sweetest note surrounded by the most beautiful drawing. 
I went for a long run on a trail near my house.
I came home from work and my dog was wagging her tail. I was previously convinced that she hurt it yesterday because she wasn't wagging.

i got engaged with my lover yesterday
I was able to do a full hour of research on a topic that had been nagging me. 
I was playing rock band with my family.
My wife and i are celebrating our ten year anniversary today.
I was happy when my daughter called me from across the country.
my daughter came first in her sports race . i was feeling proud
Well yesterday started off  early waking up at 5 am to do mturk  task and I woke up to find  I got a unexpected bonus. Being someone just  hardly scraping by  between disability checks  and  some small side jobs  that dont  pay  enough to cover the bills  even a  75 cent bonus   is a help  and honestly its  just nice  to see  my work is helping.  
after 2 month i bought new tcl 32 inch led tv its looks cool and i really loved it
Solving an engineering mechanics problem made me happy.
I went to lunch with my girlfriend and her family
I took my dog to walk around our local park. It was almost 70 degrees and was a beautiful day.
I woke up and took care of my daughter.  She was so smiley first thing in the morning.  It was so amazing seeing all those smiles.
I was happy when I realized my biggest concern was how I sang after drinking.
When i got to the train station it just pulled up and i was able to get a seat. 
My wife told me that despite my having lost overtime hours, she is happy to have me around her more.  
I went to support my cousin in her product launch last night and I was so happy and proud to watch her shine.
I went to the park with my son after work yesterday.


My turbo kick class was full last night.
I was able to successfully assist a friend in their job search by setting them up with an interview.
I cooked a new recipe for dinner and it turned out great
Spending time with my daughter and good friends at an in-service last night.
We met up with some buddies for drinks and dinner last night.  It was great being able to hang out with them and watch some hockey.
I played a new game that was fun and got to enjoy the mechanics of it.
I was very happy when my family brings me beautiful gift for me
My husband passed his DOT physical and I don't have to worry about it anymore. 
The weather has been warm and gorgeous for the first time in a long time and I'm loving it.
 had a great lunch with daughter and grandchildren and enjoyed out time together
I met with my old time friends.
When I weighed myself this morning, I found out I was down more weight than I thought.
I met my childhood friend after 10 years
GO TO HOTEL PARTY OF MY MOMS BIRTHDAY
My children kissing me goodnight.
My girlfriend surprised me with my favorite dinner (tacos).
I get to come home earlier because my boss is on vacation.
Went to Restaurant with my family members 
I was playing with the kittens.
This is a great way to sum up the feeling of happiness, itas when everything feels like itas clicking, and itas all in sync. When any part of this equation breaks down, you start to lose the handle on your happy feelings. Thatas why itas important to always speak your true feelings, and act according to the way you're feeling inside. 
I was able to resist drink last night.
I cooked food for my mother-in-law.  And she liked it too
Had dinner with my Family, now that my dad is getting over being sick.
A hot chat with my dating partner makes me feel more sexy
Finally tricked my dog into letting me give him a bath. Sweet smelling puppy is the best.
talked with an old friend.
I seen my parents filled with tears on receiving her phone call, huge amount of happiness no words to explain.
I didn't have to deal with any annoying customers at work this morning. That only happens once in a blue moon.
Not mucha| Salade Perigourdine full of goodies, a glass of nice red wine from the ... Your personal AI assistant for writing better emails. .... The happiest moment in the last 24 hours was when I reunited with my best mate, Luke, and took 2 ...
I finally completed my project enthusiastically.
i got a job interview for my dream job
My mother-in-law offered me money so I could buy some yogurt I can't afford to buy by myself. 
My friend came and visited me at work and we talked for a few minutes.
The mobile home park manager called and said he is coming in the morning to fix the leaky swamp cooler. Finally!!
I finally decorated my son's room for his birthday.
I cooked an entire breakfast for my family.
I went to my local gym to lift weight and do cardio. The shower afterwards was refreshing.
The rain stopped and beautiful sunlight appeared so I went for a walk and took some photographs.
My application to adopt a cat came through
Taking my dog for a walk and having a conversation with a stranger.
I traveled with my family and went to a beautiful beach, I enjoyed most of the attraction in the area, there's 
entertainers everywhere and a lot of people are gathering with music bands partying. It was a pleasant experience and I
 hope to return there anytime soon.

My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.

My brother got an interview for the job he applied for and it's very likely he'll get hired
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
.

My older daughter keeps telling me when she wants to go to the bathroom.
The weather is very sultry in our place, our AC unit was damaged by rodents. The Electrician came earlier today and repaired it. Thank God, I need not sweat today.
I celebrated my 7th wedding anniversary with my wife.
met a weight loss goal and a bet which wasn't easy
I went to the walking in morning.
My wife wear her favorite saree for office meeting.
I spoke with my ex-wife on the phone and made plans to see my son this Thursday.
I purchased a product I wanted for fifty percent off the retail price.
I got promotion
more than anything else it was my only daughter's birthday as she turned 9 and her special day made it my day special too. 
I played tennis with my friends
My daughter visited me at evening
My wife told me that she passed the qualifying exam for her job promotion.
IN MY GARDEN I PLANTED A ROSE PLANT LAST MONTH.YESTERDAY  MORNING A BEAUTIFUL AND COLORFUL ROSE FLOURISHED.IT MADE ME HAPPY.
I had a very delicious lunch
My two wheeler was not running. I found there was an issue with front tyre. I managed it myself. This made me very happy.
I had really good carbonara chicken for dinner.
I cleaned the bathroom tiles and now it looks nice and shiny in there.
I brought a new game system today.
I made dinner for my boyfriend and he complimented me on it. I felt happy for the compliment and that I was able to make him happy.
I measured my weight and found to be 1 pound lesser than the earlier day
today morning i went to shopping at that time i seen one accident that is very unforgettable .a small boy were crossing the road at that time one man who were ride his cycle very fast and he were kick the boy from his cycle unfortunately ,the boy were fell down and he were get wounds in his leg and hand .he were shouted lot and cry .then i were went closer to that boy and i took him to the hospital and return safe to his home.
I received a call from a new client who was ready to pay me more than usual for a simple design  
I doubled my daily goal for mturk rewards in a very short amount of time.
I smoked a bowl of marijuana. 
I was able to eat out for dinner with one of her best friends. 
In the appointment order given to me I was surprised that the salary is doubled than now I am getting.
yesterday my son want to ride my bike, when he move it he got happy....me too
While buying medicine from a regular pharmacy store, I came to know that I had some unused points from my old purchases, so I did not have to pay anything for medicine I bought. 
I found tool I had been looking for for a long time.
My daughter said Donald Duck for the first time and then she said Daisy. 
So happy that I Had yummy mango after a year today.
I always think of each night as a song. Or each moment as a song.To feel much more than know.
To be the eyes of an eagle, slope of a mountain;
To be a wave understanding the influence of the moon;
To be a tree and read the memory of the leaves;
To be an insignificant pedestrian on the streets
Of crazy cities watching, watching, and watching. 
My kid got promoted to next class. 
completed the long time pending project 
I received enough funding to start my research project abroad this summer.
I play a competitive game online and was able to get a top score among all of my friends who also play it. I usually only get somewhere in the top 5 scores.
I finally went for a run and worked out and it felt great to be taking care of my body.
Had a nice conversation with the wife of the neighbour who rarely speaks to me. She seems nice.
I spoke to my college friend Angie for about 30 minutes for the first time since last summer.
Our homes are an extension of who we are: what we do within the walls of our abodes shapes our mood, affects our productivity, and influences our outlook on life. Scientific studies have shown that we can have an impact on our happiness by adjusting the tiny little habits and routines that constitute our daily lives a we are, in fact, in control of our outlook on life.
A lot of my favorite shows updated recently and I was able to watch most of them today. 
I was able to leave early from office. I had an amazing evening with my mother and wife.
I ate really good chinese food.
I paid the bills and had more money than usual left to transfer into my savings.
After a long debate i finally convinced my parents to buy me a new laptop today.As promised they also bought me a new one and i am happy and satisfied with it.
When i get back to home then my wife make a very good food for me, which i like most.
FRIEND GIFTED ME A RING FOR MY PAPER SELECTED FOR NATIONAL CONFERENCE
I took a shower with my wife 
I was able to go grocery store and saved money by not buying an impulse items or alcohol(which I have been trying to stay away from). 
Today early morning boss call me I am surprised boss say that You got promotion and your salary increased now.
I took a walk with my girlfriend at night. 
We went movie at 9:30 its Telugu movie my favourite hero new movie released its awesome movie
My daughter got rewarded for best English speech in class
The next thing made me happy is I got one special offer from my telecom service that they reduced my package plan and that moment made me happy.
I could finally eat at my favourite restaurant after a long time.
I recently became friends with a really great group of people. Yesterday we ordered pizza, Chinese, and taco bell. Then we sat around talking and eating. Good times.Talking to my sister in law, eating some chocolate custard, and spending some time with my youngest child

Yesterday evening my friend and I played badminton, we enjoyed it.
I got a surprise gift from my parents 
My husband purchased a few things I like from the market.
When I got home from work, my girlfriend greeted me with a hug, and dinner already prepared and setup on the table.
I met my childhood friend after a long time and got a hug from her and that moment was wonderful.
I was able to celebrate my fathers birthday by treating him out to dinner. To be able to see how happy he was truly made me happy.
I ride my  bike at speed of 100 km per hour 
I cleaned the kitchen and it feels great.
Find a new job
I ordered some product in amazon.in and it got delivered today, that moment makes me feel happy.
the story and the advices that i got by reading
I won a puzzle game on a website which requires fast reflexes.
Another happy moment that happened to me in the past 24 hours was that my one year old daughter took a few steps this morning. 
When I woke my young daughter up this morning for school, she insisted that she would make breakfast which consisted of coffee and toast.
Reading comics books whilst drinking cocoa drink.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. I enjoyed the perfect weather.
I enjoyed watching the sunset on the porch.
I completed my work target and my boss appreciated for my good work and that moment i felt happiness.
I eat Sugar candy in a party after such a long. It reminds me of my childhood.
Today I got a bonus amount of 10 dollars from a requester of MTurk.
I went to get sushi with my high-school friends, and it was like a small reunion.
Early morning I got so many messages n wishes from friends n family members as it's our new year today .i felt so loved by everyone 
I joked around with my mum when she got home from work and it made her happy ,which in turn made me happy as well.
When me and my wife shared pleasures. Both of us were very happy.
Watching a field full of horses at work having a mad happy hon about, and getting some stunning recalls from my little dogleg.
when i was returning home from work.i helped an old couple to reach their destination.they blessed us which made me very happy.
I received a call letter from the University for my job
Spending time with my parents.
my online game get a new event and give me so many diamond
I worked out my back and biceps.
I got to finish a tv series I was watching with my mom
I got an offer for a pizza from my nearby hotel and i was happy
Sunset is the time when the sun goes down and night begins. During the sunset, nature assumes fresh, bright, and charming. The sun seems to be a disc of gold. At the time of sunset, one can enjoy the serenity of a sunset. Then nature seems in a hurry. People finish their work and return home. Birds return to their nests. The cowboys become busy with returning home with cattle. When the sun sets, nature looks very beautiful. Then the nature starts getting dark. The slight darkness of the sunset creates a feeling of joy and tranquility in us. The beauty of the sunset helps a poet to generate any ideas and compose poems.
I celebrated my birthday with my friends.
Got respect from all my friends by doing a social welfare thing.
I got up very early, before daylight, and went outside to fly one of my RC quadcopters which is equipped with LED lights. While the lights make it very easy to see and orient the quadcopter, it is still somewhat difficult to see trees and other obstructions in my yard.  I was able to fly for just over 10 minutes all around my yard, over my home and our over my neighbor's yard (I have permission).  Flying in total darkness is challenging and super fun. 
I have given a aadhar card update to a poor man with a minimum cost, the same moment he felt very happy.
I found out the new community we are moving to has a pond with a kayak launch
The extra memory that I purchased for my computer arrived today, and it was very easy to install.
My husband bought my favourite sweet that really made me very happy
I finally got my drivers license.
We had a really good rehearsal for Friday night's play.
Today afternoon 2.00 p.m  my husband suddenly planned for vacation tour . He booked the ticket for whole trip . I didn't expect  this from my husband .
I made a tasty chocolate pudding, and every one enjoyed it. 
It was payday, so everyday payday is a happy day. I was able to FINALLY pay off my last remaining balance from the birth of my twins.
My husband made me my favorite food for dinner. 
I level up in games
all are happy because of me for solving the major issue 
I watched a series of movies. 
One last azalea bloom came out today and I was happy to see it because all of the other flowers were killed by a late frost a few weeks back.
I got an offer to help a photographer friend to shoot the Cubs' season opener game.
I was able to find time to go have my hair cut, something I have been putting off all month and it looks great!
I met my old friend both were studying 20 years back. there after no link. unexpectedly i met him in airport. It was very surprise to me. Later we remembered our childhood days. and present life.
I got my computer fixed finally.Now i can get back to doing the things i need to get done.
Participated in ugadi food festival in office
I done all my job  as i planned. I am very pleased.
I wrote my MBA assignments and sent to my study center through courier. After that I saw 3 papers not inserted. At once I phoned to the courier office and told them not to send my cover. I went and kept all the papers in time and was really happy.  
Got a new iPhone 7 Plus (Product Red)
I won a basketball medal with my team and I was leader and mvp of the match
Some triathlon gear I'd been waiting on for a while arrived at last, after a pleasing and positive resolution with the seller. Very pleased with purchase - it fits and performs really well.
My friends thrown a surprise party for my promotion yesterday, so happy.
I and my friends went to my favourite amusement park at the end of my street. We had great time there. We went to all the amazing rides and elated in ecstasy.
I finally finished the new york times crossword I was working on.
My friend called me to tell me of a possible job opening in my field.
The mechanic contacted me about repairs to my truck, and they were much less expensive that I had anticipated.
I was able to stay under 700 calories yesterday and continue my fast so I can eat out with my friends this weekend. 
my hole family out to have dinner
I played with my dog outside. It was sunny and we both had fun.
LAST NIGHT I WENT TO HOTEL FOR A DINNER WITH Y GIRL FRIEND
I got a gift from my brother without any reason.
I was able to go and workout with a coworker of mine and that prepped me for the day and made me happy.
I have managed to earn 100 dollars for one hour of work.
to day i make breakfast to my parents
I felt my baby move in my belly for the first time!
I got a positive comment at work.
I was able to run outside and complete a 5K with a new record time in nice weather and feels like spring.
yesterday i received a message that i got promoted as a manager from my company
I love watching the sunset on the beach
I went to Costco with my daughter and did not buy anything.
When I was driving home to my house and saw a very beautiful sunset.
Sitting outside drinking a cup of tea in the sunshine surrounded by my recently bloomed tulips. 
Eating lunch with my mom and dad.
Someone who needs to retire at work was breathing heavily like her lungs were going to quit. She is a lazy worker and I want her to leave.
i brought dresses to my parents to day
I was able to hit my earnings goal for the day which I thought originally was too high. 
I got some extra sleep last night.
My mother called out of the blue to tell me how proud she is of me.
I was happy when I had lunch with my husband.
my maid cooked a delicious meal today for my family
Like I said up  above I wake up early to get started on mturk, Yesterday morning my daughter stoped and got me coffee in the morning. It was nice  and much needed. 
after 2 month i bought new tcl 32 inch led tv its looks cool and i really loved it
Playing cricket with friends
I found a bag that I thought I had lost
I watched my kids playing together and not fighting.
I made a delicious homemade Pad Thai and my husband was so happy to eat it and give so many compliments.
I won a bet for $50 this morning.
My job provided lunch and it was really good. 
I ran my longest duration so far.
I made chappati on my own for the first time and they turned out amazing!
I cooked dinner with my son, we made meatballs. 
My 6 year old came and sat on my lap while we watched tv. 
I made a delicious meal using fresh ingredients without having to go to the grocery store.
I passed an evaluation at work with flying colors
I had an in-service that I was not looking forward to attending,  but ended up having a great time with 4 friends and my daughter.  
I was really happy to find out that a friend of mine was getting married.  They even asked me to be in their wedding!
I listened to some music and heard an entire album I hadn't heard more than once before.
I was happy when I got my new incentives from my hardworking work
I went to bible study tonight with special needs friends.
My fiance found some old Magic the Gathering cards his brother was going to just throw out, so he brought them home!
I made vacation plans with my daughter today for Florida in July.
I ate my favorite dinner.
The difficult dog that hardly ever listens to me, finally decided to come today when I called her.
My mother prepared her special biriyani for me and my friend
GO TO THEATRE AND MAKE HAPPY WITH MY FAMILY
My husband kissing me hello.
I played tug-of-war with my new dog Leo.
I shared a big breakfast with my boyfriend
got bonuses from my work which i'm getting regularly
I got an email from an old friend.
 It may take a while, but as long as youare headed in a more positive direction you'll be doing yourself a world of good.

 Going against your internal system for guidance is a sure way to feel less than perfectly happy. Always strive for a lining up of these three aspects for a happy life.
My mother is recovering from weakness after chemotherapy cycle.
I brought some gifts for my siblings. 
Watched a new episode of a show that I like. 
A good win for my sports team
I managed to get under an eight minute mile pace. I'm kind of awesome.
bought a new wallet that I was looking for. 
My car loan was cleared yesterday and i was very happy. 
I got an A on the test that I barely studied for. 
You might think it would be money, power or fame. Well, think again. Positive psychology guru, Martin Seligman studied happiness and found these characteristics of happy people. How do you rate when it comes to feeling happy
I become the leader of the great squad and I achieved the highest rank
i gt an A on my exam
I've been thinking about dreams, life and death and the reflection I've had about it made me feel complete and at peace with myself.
I got new underwear in the mail that I had purchased online.
My pen pal in Vermont called me unexpectedly. We've been friends for 30 years and hope to meet in person some day.
I enjoyed having dinner with my brother and my family in the garden restaurant yesterday.
I beat the final boss in Dark Souls.
I drove around town to run errands. There was not much traffic because it is spring break.
My cat has been sick and yesterday she ate some food and scampered around the apartment.
My husband got promoted at his job and will be making more money
Meeting up with my girlfriend at the park and just talking.
Me and my family went out to travel at a nearby beach, we saw this beautiful performance of pyro dancers, it was the first time that we encountered such talent and it was really impressive. I did not say anything during the performance, I was just petrified with awe on what I saw. I could not move on from the scenario itself even after the performance has ended. I could not help but think about it. I thought that the only time I would see such performance is to visit that place again and hopefully come across these specific performers again.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

My computer, which had had a hard drive failure, got finally repaired.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.
My younger daughter can lift her head now.
I was struggling to relocate my wardrobe near windows, my husband did it for me without my knowledge before I am back from dropping kids in school.
I worked out and was able to keep up with the entire tape.
i completed all my office work and went for a nice brunch with my parter
I enjoyed to watch the soccer.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
I received a message from a seemingly charming lady on the Plenty of Fish dating app. 
I found something I had lost weeks before.
I bought a new phone
I got to see a very good old friend that came over at my daughter's birthday.
I finished work earlier than usually
I went to the park
I was able to reach my target weight today at 85kg. Need to lose more but still happy.
LAST EVENING IN MY OFFICE I GOT A GIFT CONTAINING A TOUR PACKAGE INCLUDING MY FAMILY FOR THE SUCCESS IN MY PROJECT. I FELT SURPRISE AND HAPPY.
I went to the gym
I made tea this morning with ginger. My wife liked it very much and this made me happy.
I found a great deal on a Samsonite backpack.
I talked to my mother on the phone for half an hour.
I went out with my co workers to celebrate my promotions.
I picked up my cat and he turned in my arms and seemed to hug me back while purring. I was happy that he was happy.
I bought a new T-shirt for myself
i very eagerly waiting to see my friend engagement function .she were really very cute and beautiful .she were very happy to have the engagement with his loved one .my friend character were really good and adjustable his partner were also very kind and humble .they were made for each other .they were loved a long years and they were in the living together relationship then now they were understand well and now they get soon get married.
I went for a movie without much expectations and turned out to be one of the best movie i have seen in a while  
The rain stopped and I was able to take a long walk with my dog just before daybreak.
I met up with a group of people that I haven't seen for almost half a year.
I was able to play my favorite game for 3 hours. 
During the lunch time My lovely wife gave me a special hug and sweet kiss.
I went my sons school for open house yesterday, the teacher told about him very positively, that made me happy
India won the  cricket test match against Australia today
I had a great dinner with baked chicken, hominy, bread and a salad. 
My mom took us to dinner and I ate a shrimp chimichanga
I went for a ride in enfield bullet in the morning weather with my husband.Its awesome.
During its formative years the company employed foreign experts to improve its production. Its management had the foresight to establish an R&D department even though its product range was too small.
My long time best friend came to visit me with family after so many years.
replaced the television in home
I found out that I was going to start a new and highly potent new medication for my IBS that I believe could finally provide me relief. 
My former manager who had been out on extended sick leave due to an injury came back to work yesterday. He was my first manager when I got my current job and mentored me.
I played guitar for the first time in a while. It was really satisfying to make some music.
A good dinner in a nice restaurant with coworkers.
I didn't have to take my kids to school today because it's the first day of their spring break.
One reason that experiences (and memories of those experiences) make us happier than material things is due to the entire cycle of enjoyment that experiences provide: planning the experience, looking forward to the experience, enjoying the experience, and then remembering the experience. Make your home a gallery of positive memories.
I had lunch with a friend I hadn't seen in awhile. 
I watched my favorite movie with my wife late at night
I finally got a job interview.
I spent time relaxing with my husband and watching television.
Today when i was travelling in bus I met with a stranger with whom i had a long talk.The man i met was equal to 100 books.He amazed me with many facts and experiences in his life.He also gave me many  life hacks to deal with many day to day problems.I was so glad to have such a new friend today.
When i claim back 95% my insurance money from insurance company.
GOT APPRECIATION FOR MY ACADEMIC PERFORMANCE FROM MY HEAD OF THE MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
I made love to my wife 
I was finally able to complete several small tasks at work that had been on my to-do list for awhile, but had always been superseded by other tasks. 
Last night my father gives me a gift which is bike its very very special for me its also happiest moment for me.
I saw my dig after work. 
My cousin came from my native to see my son she staying in London today she came to my home its so happy to see her in my house
My cousin brother got engaged to his love after 3 years
The third thing made me happy is I got one credit card offer.  That they increased my reward points for my purchase and they also offered free movie tickets exclusively for my credit card that makes me happy.
I could help rescue one puppy that was suffering on the street I have been seeing since one month. Gave me inner peace and Happiness.
I once failed a programming class. In the last 24 hours, I have started and completed basic python. Very big achievement for me.I am really very happy on the moment.Went to get into my bed and noticed my daughter tucked in a picture she drew for me, saying it was a 'bedtime surprise'. It was super sweet and made my day.
I got challenging work from my boss.
I got a huge amount in as a gift from my friends as my engagement gift
My son sang a song for me.
My brother called me during the night, just to check up on how I was doing.
I got offer to avail loan from bank with low interest rate and it made me happy.
I completed my goal of 30 bicep curls at the gym. I have been working on it for a couple weeks but was able to accomplish it easily today.
i ate my favourite food item for lunch
My husband made a delicious breakfast.
My best friend birthday
I am running a business and I got more order than normal that moment makes me feel happy.
just that feeling of motivation of moving into the right direction you know?!
I had dinner with my family. We went to a new restaurant nearby.
One more thing that made me happy in the past 24 hours would be my almost three year old son who just gave me a kiss on the cheek and told me he loves me. 
Due to cooler weather this afternoon, I finally managed to prune the trees in the garden
When I got the wanted seats in the cinema. It made watching a movie experience a whole lot better.
i met my old friends after 5 years.we all had a talk for half a day.we played football like my old days.
I usually play a game and in that i got struck in a level but yesterday i completed that level it made me happy
Today I make Eye contact with my crush. She Also look into my Eyes For a Seconds or Two. I can still Memorize his Beautiful Eyes. 
It was drizzling in the morning when I went for a walk. I love such a weather.
I took my mom to a small hill at Lake Elsinore that was filled with a lot of flowers.
Last night my sister got a new car so we all went for a drive with her in a new car .
I managed to do 30 one legged squats with my right leg which has been weaker than my left but I am in process of leveling them out and I am happy about the progress.
I finally got our taxes completed. I do it myself so I feel happiness and relief when it's done.
lol vix that made me giggle! Mine was just my horse being ultra soppy today grooming me when i brushed him and being a good boy - not one buck today or yesterday when riding!!
my little one is 13 months old and we were waiting for her first step.she took her first step yesterday.seeing that i felt very very happy.
I play along with daughter and her friends
Having a good nap.
its holiday and its not sunday so im happy
I drank 6 12 ounces glasses of water.
I finished my paper for my college class.
I made a cake and it was very tasty and everyone at home enjoyed it
Morning walk is a good exercise. An early-riser can be a regular morning walker. The benefits of morning walk are manifold.

In the early morning everything looks fresh and fair. The atmosphere remains pleasant and calm. A morning walker breathes pollution-free air. He enjoys lovely sights and sounds of nature. All this soothes his soul.

Regular morning walk keeps one fit. It helps form a sound health. Science says that morning walk controls blood pressure, lessens stress and strain and energizes one to work zealously.

Now-a-days we are to live a very fast life. We are to work round the clock. We hardly have time to care for our health. If the habit of morning walk is formed right from our early days, we can be sure of a sound body and a sound mind.

Besides the health benefits, it is an extremely delightful experience to take a walk early in the morning
I went to the temple with my parents.
Finally succeed in making Tomato soup.
I took my small (5" refractor) telescope out in my yard to look at stars and planets.  I was able to view Jupiter and all 4 moons surrounding the planet.  Though I would love to have a much larger telescope, this one performs very well.  With a short focal length eyepiece the view of Jupiter was very nice indeed. 
I have given Rs.100 as a donation for expenses to a Temple fund, they are very happy. 
My daughter told me I was the best cook
After dinner, I was able to enjoy a quiet moment on the porch with coffee and a cigar.
After a long time, today my cousin came home surprisingly that made my day !
I enjoyed doing my meditation at shaolin temple nearby.
I had a nice conversation with a good friend at work.
we went for birthday party of my son's friend at  today 11.30 . I talked with his friend's mother  openly  , we chatted very happily & had nice lunch . In this party I got new friends. I  and my son enjoyed a lot .
I managed to throw out a few items that were cluttering a room. I enjoyed the space I have after. 
My son had a great soccer practice and is really coming along and learning new skills as well as really learning to control his body.
I bought a brand new dress that looks beautiful. 
I got to book my movie ticket
elders blessed  me for my daring and powerful guts
I live tweeted with a group of fans. 
I was able to fit back into a pair of jeans that I have not been able to wear for over a year.
It was warm enough to drive with my car windows open.
A good friend informed me that Dave Chappelle had 2 stand up comedy acts  just released on Netflix. That was how I ended my evening yesterday, with a huge grin on my face!
My spouse underwent cancer medical treatment for major scanning but doctors said nothing to worry. she is perfectly good. you can take her to home. I was very happy.
I got to get together with some people from church to help out at the retirement home.It is always a good feeling to help people.
Had a log walk with my friends after a heavy lunch
When i came to my home, my 4 years son hug me, as he is waiting for me.
I got Rs 500 cash as a gift for the quiz which I participated three months before. It was very useful at that correct time and I felt happy about this.
Seeing a friend I haven't seen in a long time
That day I saw her working on coffe house. She was very beautiful 
Finished reading a crime novel by John Harvey. Didn't think I would read the rest of it last night but got hooked towards the end.
I finally purchased my dream house yesterday, i am feeling very happy.
I and my friends went to my favourite restaurant. We ate all the special dishes there. We all went astonished in taste and delicacy 
I spent some time in the kitchen making chicken soup.
I cooked a tasty dinner from leftovers.
I called my sister to wish her a happy birthday, and we had a very nice telephone chat.
The weather is starting to warm up which I'm super happy about. 
we enjoyed our week end with my family
I colored in my adult coloring book while watching Netflix. It was relaxing and enjoyable.
TO DAY I MORNING I JOINED A GIM
I met with my school friends and enjoyed a lot.
I was able to play outside with my child because the weather was so nice and that made me happy.
I got wet by a spring rain.
to day i went to cinema with my girlfriend
I satisfied my many food cravings for dinner.
Meeting up with some older friends that I hadn't seen for a while.
I got tickets to see my favorite movie playing right now even though it is sold out currently.
i went to temple with my parents
I went for a run in the neighborhood. I enjoyed the perfect weather
I watched Bates Motel; my favorite television show.
When my son took me out to eat at a very nice restaurant.
Walking the first morning light with the dog when the sun was just creeping behind the rushes and the birds were in full song. 
Watching a new episode of a favorite television show.
I made a delicious meal.
i received a lottery amount of 5000 today
I talked to my mom on the phone and it was an amazing call. 
My cat snuggled against my leg while sleeping.
Today i took the day off from my part time job to go and have a brunch date with my wonderful wife.
I was happy when I made a sale in my business.
it rained today and made the surroundings very beautiful
I finished  up my  mturk work a  bit  early and since the  weather was  so nice I went out and  worked on a  pile of firewood in my yard.  Some of the smaller pieces  that are good for stacking i tossed in the grill and  it fired right up and I smoked some chicken. It turned out amazing
after 2 month i bought new tcl 32 inch led tv its looks cool and i really loved it
Getting an approval for coffee with a girl I have crush on.
A bakery gave me their extra pastries at the end of the day
I went shopping at the local thrift store and found a great deal on two chairs.
We watched some Always Sunny in Philadelphia and that show always makes me laugh and happy.
I accomplished all my errands for the day and had spare time to relax.
I started a new project at work and it is something really interesting to me so it seems more like fun then work 
I spent time with friends on a creative endeavor.
My husband cuddled me while we watched a movie together.
I got to talk to my mother on the phone last night, we hadn't spoke in a while and it was needed.
The pork I cooked for dinner last night turned out well, I was worried it wouldn't. 
I was able to go to bed early after accomplishing my chores earlier than i anticipated
I got an unexpected call from my daughter in NYC
I four of my daycare kids give me a hug goodnight before they laid down for a nap.
I was happy to come into work and find out that a huge project had been canceled.  It was a big relief.
Hanging out with friends.
I was able to walk my dog around our neighborhood. It was fun to see what flowers people are planting.
I had a wonderful meal with my girl
Enjoying my key lime yogurt in the morning for breakfast
I completed a fitness goal this morning that I had set for myself a while ago; run a full mile before going to work.
I was walking home from work and saw my family at the park as I walked past, so I joined them.
I was happy to return home from Russia this morning
I mowed the lawn yesterday; it makes me happy to be outside working.
My old friend Renee invited me out to dinner.
I was sitting on my porch in a rocking chair, holding my little girl when my son came up and spontaneously hugged us both. 


I got accepted into the college I applied for. 
Getting off work after a particularly busy night made me happy.
I was happy when my wife's work friends came by to visit her.
One thing that made me happy on the past 24 hours was spending quality time with my girlfriend.
Shopping made me happy
I went for a meeting about Peruvian dances with my friends
Snuggling my dog and having her give me her stinky breath kisses
I found and ordered a book online that I will like a lot.
Went out for a walk and had a great talk with a random stranger in the morning.
One of of my students told me how pretty I was.
I received a birthday gift in the mail from a good friend of mine. 
I have been suffering from fairly severe constipation for the last week, but I experienced relief this morning.
I talked to my girlfriend recently and she told me that she loved me.
I finally had a chance to talk about some things that were really bothering me with a good friend.
What made me happy was getting some lunch that felt fulfilling, even if it was a burger and fries.
I had enough time to make some doro wat chicken store with berbere sauce, it was great.
My neighbor came over to see the completion of my project.  She gave many positive compliments which made me happy. 
I was finally able to order the things I had been saving up for over the past few months.
When I was able to make an older women's day at the grocery store.
I was able to find a very good batch of Mechanical Turk Hits
I was able to go to a restaurant that I like.
I started watching Black Mirror and it was very good.
After shoveling my neighbor's driveway a couple weeks back, they surprised me by ordering me a pizza for dinner.
I got to take a patient to a floor in the hospital that I had never been to.
My daughter helped me clean the kitchen without being asked.
I watched a 6 hour training DVD on Zbrush
I had a really tough workout in the morning, and I managed to complete it while running incredibly quickly!
I had a great cup of coffee when I woke up.
My daughter smiling at me when she first woke up and saw my face.
I looked at the time and realized it was half an hour until I got off work.
I finally had enough money in my Amazon payments account to buy the vertical smoker that I have been wanting.
I went grocery shopping to purchase food to cook for my wife and myself. 
I went to see get out with my wife.
I played with my cat and he licked my face for an hour!
I woke up to my wife giving me a huge hug and smile.
I got really excited periodically, as I was thinking about this upcoming weekend. I have plans with my husband. We are going to go on a weekend trip filled with new foods, shopping, and watching the new movie that is coming out (Ghost in the Shell).
In the past 24 hours my family saying that they had trust in me to be responsible was the thing that made me the most happy. 
I went for a walk early in the morning and air was clear and crisp.
When my wife came home from being at work all day.
Talked to a preacher about a church me and my fiance are wanting to get married in.
I finished a project I was working hard on at work.
My cat sat on my lap and purred while I read a book. 
I made a pizza at home with my wife and it was delicious.
My partner woke me up to give me a kiss before they left for work.
My diet seems to be working as my clothes fit a bit looser.
My 13 year old son did an excellent job completing his science project on his own.
When I got home from the grocery store, my husband had vacuumed the floor and taken the trash out, without me asking him to do so. 
I enjoyed swimming in the beach near chennai.
Getting a call from a client confirming a purchase order.
I was happy to run a dungeons and dragons campaigns for my friends.
I had a piece of the richest, most moist chocolate cake I've ever had.
I went out last night and a friend made me an awesome drink with chocolate syrup and bailey's irish cream.
I finished out my caloric logging for the day on my calorie counting app and it provided me with feedback stating that I would weigh 2lbs less in the next week.
I was finally able to take the necessary steps to start learning Japanese and I finally read my first sentence, it felt really great inside.
I ran two miles at a fast pace, that I have never achieved before. 
I played with my grandchildren at a local park and I was very happy about it.
I had a giant chocolate cup cake.
I was happiest last evening when I was painting in the garden.
I got a raise at work. I went in for my evaluation yesterday morning and heard back a few hours ago.
This morning my nephew and sister in law came to visit, along with my mother in law. 
I had a conversation with a girl I met online today.
I sold my motorcycle and got 2 thousand dollars for it which is a lot
I hung out with a close friend last night and had dinner and drinks with him.
I went for a 2 hour run that made me feel great. I can feel myself getting in better shape and that makes me feel good.
I checked my weight and I have lost 10 pounds since I started dieting 2 months ago.
I sat outside in my backyard and enjoyed the greenery and the sun that shone down on my face.

I went to the gym today and was about to run for 30 minutes straight. 
My wife made her chicken soup.
Going to the gym during my lunch break made me happy
The beautiful weather outside makes  me happy. 
I had a package arrive at my door.
I received a bonus at work.
My ordered dress fitted me nicely.
I had the day off from work and I was able to binge watch a TV show with no interruptions.
I saw my baby through an ultrasound monitor.
Last night my favorite hockey team won and played really well after playing a bad game the other night. 
I visited a new park in the area and enjoyed a nice walk.
I hit my work goal earlier than expected--I could actually quit now if I wanted, but I like these HITs.
Getting to see my relative that lives in another state.
I went out to eat at my favorite burger joint. The burgers were so delicious, I was in complete bliss.
I was able to run for 5 miles. This is the most I have ever done.
I was happy because I went to dinner last night with friends I hadn't seen months.
Coffee has made me incredibly happy.
My son was being very good when I took him to play at the mall, even though other children weren't.
I had my best day on Turk ever yesterday! I have been working hard to help supplement income so we can start working towards a full garden and hen house.
I was able to have my cell phone service plan significantly reduced which caused me a great deal of happiness yesterday. 
I won an art contest today. First prize was a free dvd.
I got to go to yoga and relax for an hour 
I won a lottery scratch off for $10.  I never win these things and I won this time.
I finally cleaned out my basement. 
I got to spend time playing board games online with my girlfriend.  We are currently 1600 miles away from each other, so any time we can spend together is treasured and valuable.
When I woke up after a good nights sleep, a sense of satisfaction hit me.
I got a new laptop which was awesome.
I was reminded of why I love Eli Manning so much. He's honestly a talented quarterback, but I had forgotten all about him for so long, then when I saw a funny gif of him, it brought back so many happy memories.
In the past 24hrs I was so happy and amazed when my boss told me that I am entitled for a 5000$ bonus in relation to the new project I have made perfectly. It is a big help for me and my wife that's why I am so happy. I felt very fortunate and happy. All my life, I haven't received any amount of money from the company. This is the first time.
I had a pleasant conversation with a girl I like. 
I did strength training for about 30 minutes. 
I Djed online
My new boss appreciated the work i put in
Mowing, raking and maintaining the lawn with my two oldest children happily helping the entire time.
My basketball team won the game in the last few seconds
I was happy when I got home from work and ate a piece of tiramisu that my wife had made. 
My friend sent me a funny picture. 
I felt really happy at work yesterday. It's a very relaxed worth place and at my lunch break i went outside and sat on the padio with a cold beer my vape pen and watched some youtube on my phone basking in the sun for about 15 minutes. It was great i felt rejuvenated and i was in a good mood from it i felt very happy.
I bought a new a pistol and took it to the range. I was able to shoot it very good.
I finally received my Pep Boys rebate in the form of a $40 prepaid Visa card in the mail, which I promptly used to purchase an item I had been wanting on Amazon.
After lunch, I took a long walk around the block near my office where there is lots of sun and not many cars that are passing by.
I went for a jog.
I went to the gym and was able to bench press 315 lbs.
feeling the warmth of the sun as i walked outside with my dog 
I went out with friends to have drinks at a bar.
I went running in the park after work and got myself into better shape. 
I was given a nice compliment at work.
It made me happy when I started a new Instagram account and uploaded some pictures to show my points of view.
My youngest daughter called me and we chatted for awhile.
I met with a friend for lunch and had a nice time socializing.
I pet my cats while they were curled up napping. It made me happy to be close to them. 
I woke up and exercised for a half hour.  I was so happy that it is starting to hurt less and that it made me have a brighter beginning to my day.
I was happy going to physical therapy this morning because it made me feel better later on during the day.
I saw some friends that I had not seen in a while and it was good to reconnect. 
My cat snuggled with me while we slept.
I have begun looking for a home to buy and feel some hope for the future. 
Within the past 24 hours, what made me happy was taking a long nap after a stressful day of studying. 
I ran this morning for 4 miles, usually I only go for 2 miles, but I pushed myself today to see how far I could go. 
I got to spend the evening with my husband enjoying each other's company.
I hit my goal of walking 5 miles for the day.  
i was working on a problem from the morning when i found the solution for the problem i was very happy there is no words to describe my feelings
My son got me a cold drink and kissed my forehead when I wasn't feeling well. 
I made my goal of losing 10 pounds.
I went for a walk around the block.
My roommate made me breakfast this morning.

My wife came home early from work so we got to spend extra time together.
My husband was very kind and sweet in the morning. He sat and talked to me. We ate breakfast for me. He waited to see me.
My teen daughter made me a cup of tea last night and set it next to my bed.
I went to the gym and really enjoyed how awesome my workout was afterwards. 
My boyfriend was gone for spring break visiting his family and he got back yesterday. It was nice to wake up next to him and cuddle him after being apart.
Carnival Corp reported that they beat estimates, and their stock is going way up right now (I have a bunch invested in it).
I got to eat some really delicious noodles that my mom made.
I bought a new laptop.
A friend of mine was on the verge of crying. She just threw herself at me, clutched at my clothes, and sighed with some relief as I held her tightly. I was overwhelmed she found comfort in my embrace.
I tried to book a doctor's appointment, and there was an opening the next day.
Talking on the phone with my mom this morning
I had Monday off from work as it was an in-service day.


I bought a new pair of headphones!
It was adapted into a stage musical in 2008, with film/theater actor Oh Man-seok debuting as director. Oh was also the lyricist and polished the script. The story centers around two guys who are crazy about music. One is a high school music teacher, Beom-jin, who has broken up with his girlfriend and now eats sadly alone in front of his mirror out of habit. Another is the younger Sae-ki, whose mother left and whose father died in a sudden accident, leaving him an orphan. In this rather dull world, the only thing that makes these two feel alive is music, offering them their "happy life". Yoo Jun-sang and Im Choon-gil alternated as Beom-jin, and Kim Mu-yeol and Ryan alternated as Sae-ki.
Having dinner with my parents
I bought a jacket that I had admired and got a great deal.
My girlfriend came over and cuddled with me until we fell asleep.
I found a good amount of things to watch on Twitch and enjoyed myself quite a lot
I was able to make some time for playing a video game that I haven't gotten around to for a while.
I received from free sushi from a coworker
In the last 24 hours me and my husband decided that we were going to renew our vowels it made me very excited to know that we are still in love after 43 years of marriage, 
I went to watch a soccer match at the stadium. Had fun cheering up for my team
I watched a tv show with my stepdaughter.
My friend treated me to a nice lunch. It was seafood and delicious. I didn't have to pay for anything. 
I woke up this morning and my back pain had gone away completely.
I was most happy when I picked my 6 month old daughter up from her first day of day care yesterday and I saw her bright beaming smile.
I managed to eat under my calorie goal for the day and felt accomplished.
I got paid on monday and immediately used the money to pay off a long time credit card debt from my dentist. I am finally free
My favorite hockey team winning yesterday.
I got to finally help my mom get a new doctor and make an appointment for her. She has been asking me to help her for a few months because she doesn't know how to use the internet and search for a new doctor on KP website.
Receiving a high score on a very hard college exam paper. 
I received praise from my boss for a project that I completed. 
My spouse gave me a big hug this morning.
I watched a movie with my spouse and she rubbed my sore feet.
I enjoyed a cup of coffee this morning.
Watching Bob's Burgers streaming on Fox.
I got a ten dollar bonus from a requester on Mechanical Turk, and I didn't even remember doing the HIT.
I got a new role as a project manager in a team I'm working on with a side-job I have.
Deciding to skip the gym for the night and spend a couple of extra hours together with my girlfriend
At the wildlife center I volunteer at, an injured beaver made a full recovery and we were able to bring it back to its home.
I had talked on the phone with my girlfriend while i've been sick. 
My 4 year old son was trying to impress his mother yesterday. After dinner he asked for a piece of chocolate. We have mini Hershey bars so I put one on the counter. My son pointed at the chocolate bar and with his finger moving across the letters he said. Mom it says Turkeys. It made me laugh
My daughter climbed in bed with me and snuggled while pretending she was a kitten.
I got to relax and spend time with my girlfriend, and not worry about anything else.
I went on a nice evening walk around the neighborhood with my wife.
I got complimented on looking buff
When my children got up this morning, I received big hugs and kisses from each of them.
I was able to take 10 minutes to relax prior to starting work. This made me happy and focused.
I picked up a new bedspread for the bed.  My other bedspread had holes in it and it needed to be replaced.  My husband was happy with the length and width of the spread.
Talking with my sister-in-law over the phone yesterday evening. It had been a while since the last time we talked and I really enjoyed reconnecting with her.
I made more money than expected on MTurk. 
I managed to make it to the next prize level in Hearthstone's tournament mode from my previous high.
Did well in the videogame I was playing

It's my son's eighth birthday in four days. I had fun going through his baby pictures and old birthday photos. 
I won at poker at the local bar. I won $600 and bought a round of drinks for everyone cause I felt so good. I am still happy from this event even this morning. 
I ate a nice dinner which had a delicious steak.
I got home from work and my dog greeted with kisses and wanting pets. It made me happy to be greeted and see him happy.
I got done with a test that I had been nervous about taking. I think I did pretty good too.
I had lunch with my mom at one of our favorite spots.
Last night watching movies with three of my friends at my home place. It was amazing as we are all day tired and wanted to spend some time with each other for couple of hours. It was a great divine feeling working hard and being with your loved ones.
We were enjoying the moment for about 3 hours.
I received an award for excellence in teaching from my University.  It was a wonderful honor, and a beautiful reception to be a part of.
I found out what was wrong with my internet modem and was able to fix it myself.
I was able to see a doctor and receive some medicine for the horrible cold I have.
My son told me that he loved my beautiful face
I finally repaired a problem with my car. I needed some help, but I managed to do it mostly on my own.
I had been out to a beautiful garden
I got a puppy on Saturday, so he makes me happy when he cuddles with me.
I relaxed and played Mass Effect on my computer.
I fall in love with a girl Iall never know. She sat across from me at Starbucks, unknowingly stealing my breath away. Yes Iall never see her again, but for that hour I was in love.
I helped a client learn how to stretch so she can be in less pain.
I met up with 88 year old aunt for lunch. We caught up with all the family news.

My employer offered to switch me from part time to full time work.
My favorite TV show had a new episode and I watched it.
Eating my sriracha and sour cream mashed potatoes that turned out exceptionally well.
I went to shoot pool with my friends. I won the game.
I just got a $21 bonus on a mturk task!
Being able to master a song i have practiced on my instruments
I went bouldering at a gym with a good friend.
I managed to do 20 pushups finally.
This morning, my wife gave me a hug and told me that I am the most important person in the world to her.
I managed to vape for a good portion of the day yesterday. I'm trying to quit smoking, so every time I can make a healthier choice, it's a job well done.
A saw a man help a lady get something off the top shelf at the grocery store and it made me happy because I thought it was very nice of him and not something you see everyday. 
I daughter took both of her naps during the day (totaling 3 hours), which allowed me 3 hours of quiet time.
I went on a date with a cute guy whom I have had a crush on for awhile.
I was able to complete everything on my schedule yesterday. This made me feel very productive.
My boyfriend told me I was smart and beautiful before he left for work. I felt very loved and appreciated.
When I came home from work, my two little grandsons were playing in my front yard.
I went to the gym and felt proud of myself after.
I managed to make $80 from writing.
Yesterday we had donuts at work to celebrate a co-workers birthday. It was a nice surprise!
Some colleagues and I finished a project we've been working on.
I went on a short day hike at the wilderness park.
I went for a walk with my husband and my dog. the sun was shining and the birds singing, a perfect spring day.
I was at the gym and hit a new record for a few different lifts.
I finally convinced my girlfriend to go to the movies with me. We both had a lot of fun and it was a nice night.
A friend took me to lunch today.
Laughing and joking with my mother this morning made me happy.
I went swimming in Florida on vacation with my family. 
Today is my son's birthday, and he was so excited to open his gifts from us!
Yesterday I found and bought a Persimmon tree at Home Depot.  Later on I planted the tree in front of our yard.
I played with my dog.
I made myself a delicious cheeseburger this afternoon. It came out great.
I listened to a happy song/
I gave a homeless person some money.
Seeing my sister today after her being away for 3 months in college.
Coworkers are making steps to help me in getting more hours in at work, which would give me benefits and higher pay
Playing a video game with my friend.
I made a new friend online
My husband and I drove to the mall on his day off and the weather was perfect. 
I went out for a walk since it was a nice day.
I ran a lap around my neighborhood and broke my previous record of 3
I managed to make $46 on Mechanical Turk. Which made me happy because I'm putting that money towards a new $250 office chair. So I'm 1/5 of the way there.
I watched a wonderful movie that I have not seen in years. My family and I were thrilled.
I played a few hours of video games with my closest friends.
My son actually acknowledged me when I woke him up in the morning instead of just grunting.
Finally receiving the package that I was waiting for.
I won a long match of an online card game called Hearthstone.
Spending time with my girlfriend last night
I found fifty dollars on the floor and I was broke and I needed to buy some lunch.
I gave my fiancee a hug.
I watched the entirety of Pharrell's new 24-hour music video "Happy"aon mute, in 2-hour chunks, over the course of several days; that is how I am still alive.
Basically I got an eye exam that really helped me with my eyes. I have diabetes and suffering some vision problems. I ended up getting prescription glasses for my eyes.
That the weather was nice and planted the first vegetables of the season. They should grow in this weather nicely.
I went to lunch with my father who I hadn't seen since Christmas.
i felt happy today when a guy that i was interested in asked me to hang out with him later tonight. 
My daughter told me she loved me and hugged me before bed time.
I was sent home early for work.
I worked out at the gym and got a lot done during it. 
Coworker brought in donuts for breakfast
Daughter was just blurting out happy birthday and it happened to be my wife's birthday who passed away in April
i was given a promotion at work 

The wife was horny this morning.
I got a call for a job interview I didn't think I qualified for.


I was happy when I listened to the album Wildflowers on vinyl.
I set a new personal record doing squats. I can now do one repetition of 250 pounds.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
I went to Dunkin Donuts and the girl there wrote "sexy" on my cup as my name and I noticed it a couple hours later and it made me happy.
I walked 2000 steps which equaled a whole mile! I will continue now to do more with this confidence breaker.
I was able to achieve something difficult at work that made my co-worker really happy. 
I finished a backlog of paperwork at work, with help. 
I got Chinese food for dinner, it was good.
My friend, Sheryl came over to visit me and my puppy. 
I started a small business of my own.
sitting down talking to my neighbor
Talking to my girlfriend over the phone and making weekend plans
I made the final table of a poker tournament.
i benched pressed 200 pounds last week passed my one rep max.
I have a small young calf that is really sick , I did not think he would make it , but he got up last night and was standing on his own and doing really well , I was happy for this that I am very proud of the little guy 
Getting my new vape Pax 2 in the mail today, I've been waiting for while! Joy!
It made me happy when I got to get some fries for lunch earlier
Got my period, which of course sucks, but lets me know everything's good health-wise
When I bought a new top from my favorite store
I went outside to see if it was warm enough for a bike ride..  it was so i went for a three mile ride. never rode that far in one session and i was happy i did.  good excercise.
My boss rewarded me with tickets to a pro hockey game that's being played later this week.
I helped plan a surprise party for my Mom's 70th birthday party coming up. 
When i went to the bathroom
I ate a delicious dinner with my husband.
I won 5 dollars off a lottery scratch off.
I was able to get established on better ground with my therapist.
When it was my free session at school, which means I had 35 minutes of no learning.
I had a great workout at the gym.
My husband walked all the way to a nearby store and picked up a beautiful card for me, to make me feel better (he didn't have to walk but he did - it made it even more special to me).
I progressed on my barbell bench press after plateauing.
I finished making a mega cake for a friend's birthday and it came out great!
I was really happy when I was finished with my midterm. I felt decently well on it and was happy when it was over.
My husband gave me a lingering hug and kisses before I left for work.
I got Korean barbecue from a nearby food cart.
I made a big dinner with my girlfriend last evening.
Came home to okay with my new puppy that was happy to see me 
My baby woke up silly and happy and I  felt happy and refreshed from a fairly good night sleep and enjoyed his silliness.

I got a full night of sleep. That does not often happen with a 3 month-old in the house. 

Today is my dog's birthday, and we had fun playing with his present.
I found an interesting book at the library, a book I didn't know existed.
I went to the gym and exercised on the elliptical and lifted weights after work.
I finally completed a long, tiring task at work.
I went to a local bar and had dinner with an old friend.
Increased my max bench press this morning, heaviest I've ever lifted
I took my daughter to lacrosse practice and watched her play.
On my way home, I purchased a purple flower plant, and gave it to my significant other when they arrived home from work. Just seeing their reaction made my heart glow.
I saw my son trying to make a grilled cheese on the stove, and it wasn't working so well, the bread was falling apart and the cheese was burning. I came over and helped him, and he made one on his own too and we ate them together. It made me feel warm to teach him something, even so simple.
I was happy when I got an email for a discount on a triathlon i wanted to do.
I cooked a new recipe I've been wanting to try. It turned out well.
I watched a funny movie together with my husband. We both enjoyed it.
My dog listened to me when I asked him to stay at the door while I went to the mailbox.


I got to stay home from work today to take care of some stuff around the house.
I picked up my daughter from school.  She was so happy to see me.
My husband came home this morning to get changed and ready for work. It was nice to see him for a bit.
I got a lot of hours at work yesterday, which is good, because we need the money.
I ate pretty healthy today and felt good about myself. 
It made me happy today to learn that I made an 88% on a hard biology test.
I watched a Blackhawks game last night.
My boyfriend got a phone call saying that his lost phone had been found! 
I met up with a few friends for some tea and a Bible study session, it was really fun and engaging. 
My husband and I get a long really well and we had a lovely day yesterday. We had coffee and watched the news. we discussed our thoughts. simple things make me the happiest.
There is a nest of birds in my horse's stall. It's up on a beam. I've been watching the mother bird build it for awhile. When I went into the stall today, I saw and could hear the baby birds chirping. It made me happy to see that they all hatched.
Got to eat dinner with the girlfriend and we sat at the bar so I can watch the game.
I'm trying to study individual frames of animation and I'm pleased by the results. 
I weighed myself in the morning and I lost some weight - 5lbs to be exact.
Today made me happy because I was able to enjoy time with some of my co-workers outside of work.
I was happy to take a Sunday afternoon nap.
Playing videogame with my friend.
complete my pending job task today.
A couple hours ago I found out I got 10/10 on this exam that I prepared a very long time for. 
im a pilot and a flew today
We were accepted for a new apartment.
I enjoyed fishing with my family on early morning.

I realized that, under the ACA, I have people I can count on to support me in getting (and keeping) health coverage.
I got really lucky and drafted possibly the best deck I've ever had in Hearthstone (video game). I was destroying my first 3 opponents and simultaneously going through a bag of Lindt chocolate truffles when I realized that I was really, really happy. The feeling of euphoria lasted another 15 minutes or so until I lost three straight games and I was back to normal. 
My favorite tv show came on.
I went to my sisters and saw the new baby smile.

Today I received my new laptop from Amazon and it even arrived a day early.
I completed an online course I had been putting off. 
I was happy when my online order arrived incredibly quickly. 
I worked on my garden in the nice warm weather. The plants were all growing so nicely and the air was so clean.
I had cream of chicken soup for dinner. It made me feel a lot better because I have been sick. 
My supervisor told me that I'm a really good worker and that I should consider applying for a higher up job in my workplace.
I got to take a walk with my 12 month old son and my husband. The weather is ver beautiful right now. cool and sunny.
I talked on the phone with my best friend and we laughed a lot.
I booked a flight to Colombia.
I gave my daughter a present and witnessed her joy.
I received a large, unexpected bonus from a Mturk requester earlier today, which is great because every little bit helps! 
I ran a mile under 6 minutes today and it made me feel fast.
I went for a hike with my dog. It was a beautiful, sunny day and we had the park almost all to ourselves.
I was given $10 by a stranger in line for coffee today.
I talked to my boyfriend.
I was able to help my friend get more money for ssi.
A girl that I have a crush on showed up to the gym while I was working out this morning.
I get more money from ssi!
I completed a book that I was reading and really enjoyed it.
I got to babysit my grandchildren. I love to spend time with them.
Picking up my girlfriend from the airport since I hadn't seen her for two weeks.
I got to meet with some old friends to celebrate one of their birthdays.
I received a new instrument for my classroom, I was not expecting it to arrive. 
I danced to  soca music with my mom and sister.
What made me happy was receiving my grades for college and getting 4 A's and 1 B.
I was suffering from a stomach bug and my husband made multiple trips to WalGreens to grab gatorade and medicine for me. It made me feel loved. 
I got up from sitting on a plane for several hours and stretched.
I had a picture of myself published in my college's newspaper.
My ex girlfriend texted me and talked to me on the phone as well.
It was my 25th birthday!
My girlfriend told me she is really happy with me and that she was happy she met me.
It is spring break right now at work and my job is much more calm than normal, so I have gotten to spend some quality time with students and relax.
I watched my TV shows.
I watched a particularly compelling episode of a show that I enjoy on Netflix.
I got new darts for my electronic dart board in my basement. I got to finally play.
Been trying to lose weight lately by diet and exercise, and this morning I woke up and weighed myself and I've lost a whole 2 pounds! It made me so happy and felt so rewarding!
My professor gave me an extension on an assignment
I was told that the school I teach it will be closed all week, but teachers will still be paid.
I GOT GOVERNMENT JOB
FRIENDS MEETING
FRIENDS GET TO GATHER PARTY
I'M GOING TO MOVIE 
FRIENDS ALSO MOVIE  
I WAS VERY HAPPY THAT SOMEONE WHO OWED ME MONEY PAID ME BACK LAST NIGHT. 
I went to In n Out after work and I was starving. The double double tasted so good
I was happy when I read the email of a requester giving me a $3 bonus. 
My kids (twin boys) woke me up today with kisses and hugs.
I went to the beach with my girlfriend. It was nice seeing the beautiful sunset go down while holding her in my arms, I was so grateful for this life
I ate chik-fil-a
When I walked into the classroom, the students ran up and excitedly hugged me.
The stray cat that was hanging out on the back porch last night finally found it's way home. I was getting worried. 
I purchased new pants that were two sizes smaller than I usually buy.


Daughter committed to a college.
When I got off of work last night after an especially exhausting day of work. It felt so good to come home and relax after putting in a hearty 50 hours. 
I got the last question on final Jeopardy correct, and it was a challenging science topic.
I had a great discussion about Philosophy with a colleague of mine. We both agree on a major philosophical issue.
I had lunch with my parents and husband. We talked and had a good time hanging out together.
My boyfriend gave me flowers.
I enjoyed cooking ribs for dinner tonight.
I saw a great blue heron catching a small fish by the creek out back.
I watched a movie with my wife, and we both enjoyed it.
I went to the gym and ran for 20 minutes.
My sister, Keandra, asked me to go for a run after she got off school. I did and it felt great to be moving and stronger than her.
My dog greeted me when I came home. 
I met my daily work goal in less than 2 hours.


I was texting with my boyfriend, and I mentioned I liked a new beer I was trying. He replied, "Noted."
My son and I went to the park. He was running around laughing and enjoying himself.
Going to Tucker's ice cream parlor and getting some burgundy cherry ice cream.
I spent time with my boyfriend on our anniversary and watched my favorite movie.
I went for a walk on the marina with my husband.
My dentist told me I do not need root canal.
The last show before WrestleMania, Goldberg appeared and got the better of his upcoming opponent Brock Lesnar.  A great result.
My wife snuggling up with me when I went to bed last night.
Drinking a beer right now in the past 24 hours is making me happy.
I made an amazing dinner of garlic and butter noodles.  It had the perfect amount of salt, butter, and Parmesan cheese.  It made my mouth really happy.  
My fiancee brought our puppy to my workplace when she had to drop something off.
When I ate my salad for lunch it was so good.
I went to a hockey game with 3 close friends.


The weather cooperated and it was not a cold morning!
Making dinner for me and my family.
I made delicious rice pudding
I ate delicious rice pudding
I complete 5 Mturk surveys
I taught my dog a new trick
I received a check in the mail
The coworkers I met for lunch today were nice people and I had a good chat with them.
I was off from work, and I got to work on two of the things I enjoy doing most with my spare time, which includes doing survey work and video games.
I got the "play of the game" in the video game Overwatch.
I went over and visited the construction site of my future house.
Going to dunkin' donuts and getting a free dozen of them made me happy today.
My family and I just moved into our new house yesterday after a month of us staying with a family friend.
I had a delicious lunch today.
In the last 24 hours receiving my raise at work made me very happy
Watching my son play his guitar with the church band.
I got a burger for lunch and it was cooked perfectly because it wasn't too rare or too well-done.
My daughter took her first steps today. 
Cooking dinner with my boyfriend.
I had some new classes yesterday and it made me happy to start a new quarter and turn a new leaf.
I asked a girl out for a third time last night and she said yes.
I stayed up late to watch Star Wars: Rogue 1. I really enjoyed it. 
My mummy's kind and caring phone call voice healed me from head ache and work stress and renewed my strength.
I won sports bets on all 3 of the tennis matches I put money on.
I got off the place and was greeted by a friend I am visiting.
The New York Knicks actually played well and won a game.
I finished knitting a hat I've been working on for a while and it looks really good.
I completed a big project.
My back stopped hurting.
I made a great riff on guitar
I had a great workout at the gym yesterday.
I ate chicken, rice, and vegetables for lunch.
I did not have to go in to work today
I did yoga yesterday which relaxed me and allowed me to stretch my body. This helped me feel more positive throughout the day.


I went to the gym. Hitting a new personal record on the bench press made me more confident in my abilities.  
I obtain my goal of exercising for one hour per day today
sex with my wife 
I went to the gym to lift weights.
I finished my workout this morning and felt energized.

I went on a birthday date with my significant other
I went for a run and broke my personal best for a 5k time.
When I'm with my kids.
I completed a modification for a video game that I was able to release to the public.
I rode my bike to a cafe. The weather had improved majorly and a light wind was blowing in my direction.
I had a really fun night out  at a bar with an old friend.
i watched Spain playing football
I was scheduled to work late this evening at a location about two hours away from my home, but it was rescheduled for tomorrow morning.
I played Fast RMX on my Nintendo Switch.
I went for a run on a nature trail near my house. This is the beginning of spring, so it was nice to see the forest coming back to life.
I finally figured out how to properly install a program at work. 
I was happy when I got to go to back to the gym.
I made the perfect pot of coffee, it had great flavor.
My coffee this morning was especially good and it made me very happy.
I decided to propose to my girlfriend
*Listening to some oldies but goodies music on the radio, it brought back some old good memories.  

My friend marriage
I am a Type 1 Diabetic.  Today, my blood sugars were in a good range all day.
I went to the gym and had a good workout.
I went on a bicycle ride with my roommate Ryan on a new trail east of our apartment.
I went on a walk with my girlfriend
I reached a new fitness goal of mine.
A moment that made me happy was hitting a weight goal
I was able to exercise for the first time in awhile. 
I bought a freshly made smoothie from our cafeteria. 
I finally got to sleep in after not getting enough sleep for a few days, so it felt pretty amazing.
my mom made me my favorite pancakes after long time.
I am happy that I finished a very special project that I needed to do for my church.
I was able to purchase Firefly on Blue-ray. I have been looking for a great deal and I finally found one.
I went shopping for my daughter's birthday and bought her a "Puppy Surprise" which brought back some childhood memories.
I got some great pictures of the bluebirds building a nest in the back yard.
I got an awesome deal on a watch that I really wanted, it arrived this morning and I was very excited to put it on. Looks great in person
I booked a flight to Stockholm.
Burton (my parent's dog) is coming over in my apartment.
I hung out with my mother.
I played pool with my girlfriend and enjoyed watching her bend over to make the perfect shot.
My son told me this morning that I was his best friend. 
Me and my spouse spent the entire day together, laying around and enjoying each others company. We are both pretty busy during the days, and it was very nice that we both had all day to each other. 
I went to dinner with my roommates and laughed until my stomach hurt.
My daughter met with the golf Coach for the college she wants to attend.
Shooting guns.
I was able to till up my garden area.
I took my dogs for a walk because it was a nice day
Seeing my girlfriend in bed with me as i wake up
I cooked and ate a satisfying meal for my wife and I.
I witnessed my daughter playing outside with her friends right outside the window.
I was happy that I was upgraded to first class on my flight home.
I made a grilled cheese and had a beer with it after I mowed -- I love both of those things.
I received a discount for my coffee.
My coworker just received news that she had an accepted offer on her home.
I found out that a new season of my favorite Netflix show is being released soon. 
I was happy to be able to help my friend with money issues.
I was happy when I got an email from my niece thanking me for coming to her wedding.
Another thing that made me happy on the past 24 hours was engaging in some light exercise which included a 30 minute walk.
I had a great meal
I went to buy a new game for my PS4 - street fighter V
Watching my kid play with her friends yesterday
I ate a type of candy that reminded me of my childhood.
Exercised and managed to beat my record of running a mile by 5 seconds.
I had a great workout this morning.
My cat ran into my bedroom and immediately came up to lay on my chest when he woke up this morning. 
Since I am no longer constipated, I was able to go for a long walk around my neighborhood.
I ate my favorite food, chicken alfredo.
I went for a walk, it was nice and sunny outside.
I prepped oatmeal for a few months so I have plenty of great breakfasts ready.
A friend came over to help install an appliance.  I was very happy I didn't have to pay a professional.
I got to spend time with my friend as we watched one of our favorite shows together.
When I was able to have a good workout with my past teammates.
I found 14 high quality fuji apples for the very cheap price of 9.99. 
I was able to watch The Walking Dead tv show.
I am getting better at doing homework without having a mental breakdown or sleeping.
Due to poor weather conditions I was unable to go to the gym last night. However, I wasn't really in the mood to go anyway, so this gave me a valid excuse.
I got a piece of candy from my friend.
I finished the work project I was working on today.
I came up with several new concept ideas and started work on them.
During dinnertime, I saw one of the girls I like, and we seemed to interact extremely well, so now I feel like there's some potential in that relationship!
I played video games with my roommate and online friends.
A student that I teach telling me that they enjoyed having me as a teacher.
I tried real butter for the first time.
Playing with my dogs in the yard.
I did my daily exercises as well as lifting dumb bells to help keep me in shape and maintain good muscle tone.
I was selected to go on a leadership retreat at work.
Eating a great seitan bowl yesterday made me thrilled.
I fixed a broken window that had been in that condition for months!
An episode of my favorite anime was released, and I was able to watch it on my lunch break at work without being disturbed.
Within the past 24 hours I felt happy when I got a text from a good friend and found out that they are feeling better after being sick for the past two weeks.
I found my favorite beer at a local store.
When I went to the doctor and they told me my fracture was healing.
Walking outside with a friend playing pokemon go
A new episode of my favorite TV show was on.
I made a sale on my Etsy site which was unexpected. 
My cat laid in my lap and purred.
Actually left the house to complete errands that needed doing.
After finishing a long day of work, chores and parenting, it was so relaxing to finally sit on the couch and relax in front of the tv.
I had an excellent sexual experience with my husband.
My daughter came in last night and told me that she loved me and gave me a hug and a kiss and then put herself to bed. 
i went to resort and enjoyed all game there
Going to school to get my daughters grades which had great results.
I was happy when I woke up to a cup of coffee.
My dog finished all his food for the first time in a few days.
I had lunch with a friend and found out that another friend is going to be a bartender at the place.
I was watching an episode of crashing and I had a good laugh at one of the jokes on the episode.
I went for a walk this morning the smell of morning air was really nice and the weather was great.
My daughter helped me make lunch.
I had dinner with my wife and daughter and was very happy to visit with her.
I finished reading the novel of human bondage.
I was reading in my hammock.
I finished my classes to become lasted as a foster parent last night. It was the last of 
My girlfriend cuddled with me before we went to sleep for a long time last night
I got a new credit card in the mail today i am excited about that.
Getting a back massage
I finished my tax return so I don't need to worry about it for at least a year.
I wrote a song that I really liked and feel good about making.
I hung out and went drinking with my boyfriend and our friends.
I enjoyed tending to my garden, getting my hands dirty and spending time watering and taking care of my vegetable garden.

I went to lunch with my grandmother. 
My daughter giggled at me.
Staying at home after going to the gym and being alone
The music that I listened to today made me feel happy. 
I woke up on time and made it to work.
I saw a funny video on the internet.
My daughter played a song for me on the piano.
A friend made dinner for me.
I ate fish today.
My significant other made me an eclair cake and brought it over. 
I ate a nice, juicy steak for dinner.
I found something unexpected in a video game I am playing.
Getting a full night's sleep.
I finally started working out. I only managed to do a few pushups, but the initial start is what made me happy. 
I had a great lunch with a former co-worker of mine. I had not seen him for months and we caught up
I was happy because I was able to attend a lecture by my favorite author last night.
I found a new playlist of 80s hip hop songs.
My mother brought by Japaneses food for lunch and it was delicious. 
I was able to wake up without a headache
Today I received good news about a close relative who was hospitalized and is now fully recovered and ready to go home.
My friends birthday was today. We went to applebee's.
I went to the gym in the morning. 
I had a great workout on a treadmill this morning at the gym.
My sister came over to visit.
The dogs "attacked" me in bed.  I got covered in pupper kisses.  Can't be mad about that, can I?
when i got home from work this morning, and my son gave me a big old grin and wanted me to hold him.
I just paid to get my car tags legal again.  
I met a good friend for coffee and got to see her one year old son, I hadn't seen him in a long time.
The bonus the I got from the company is the one that made me so happy. Now, I am planning for another vacation with my wife and hopefully we can have the money soon.
I went for a run on my local riverside trail last night. The springtime weather was refreshing.
I cleaned my room and tidied up all the mess. 
I ate some good food
My partner made me a romantic meal to congratulate me for my new job.
Watching a movie with my three children to end the day.
Helped a customer at work and they were genuinely appreciative
I was happy I closed a deal I had been working on for weeks.
My friends make jokes with me. 
I got happy watching thew walking dead that i missed on sunday. I made an hour of it got some beer and plopped on the couch for an hour 
I watched my nephew while my sister was at work and we had fun playing outside.
I checked my credit score on CreditKarma and it had risen 20 points since I last checked it a few weeks ago.
I did strength training that made my body feel good and made me proud of myself.
I ate healthier.
I got a new partnership with a tech company.
i made my mother laugh while we were talking
I watched the latest episode of Big Brother Canada.
I went to dinner with my girlfriend to one our favorite Chinese restaurants. 
I ate a delicious supper last evening.
It made me happy when I spoke to my friend.
The fact that we shipped our car out to our eldest daughter and she called to say she had received it and how happy she is to have it.
I checked my mturk balance and realized I'm close to a goal I have set for myself.
One of my cats came up to nuzzle my arm while I was making dinner. I was happy that he wanted me to pet him. 
My husband finished painting my bathroom.  It has been a mess for 2 weeks but last night he put on the last coat after he got home from work.  It made me so happy that it was finally a functional bathroom again.
Eating my favorite meal from a take out restaurant.
I got a positive result for a client at work.
I got to take a nap on the couch.
I participated in a group task and felt valued in it, as if my skills were needed and appreciated. 
My boyfriend told me he loved me. 
I picked up a new phone this afternoon with an Android operating system instead of the terrible Windows phone I have been using. 
My daughter said she may come down to spend a month with us this summer before her junior year in college.
While watering my lawn I could see that the new grass seed I laid down a few weeks ago was finally starting to push through the dirt.
i was working on a problem from the morning when i found the solution for the problem i was very happy there is no words to describe my feelings
My husband made dinner! There were left overs he makes the best scampi 
My boyfriend told me how proud he is of me.
I meditated this morning.
Visit to the dentist went very well. Dentist said I have no cavities or other oral issues. 
I completed upgrading the switches in our house so everything looks much better.
My children when I got them ready in the morning. My daughter said she wished I could go on the field trip with her. My husband is very frugal so he is unwilling to pay for me to tag along.
Some vegetables that I had planted had sprouted and I saw green poking through the soil this morning.
Cooked and ate a delicious steak. 
We played a game together earlier today and had a lot of fun doing so.
I figured out why something wasn't working on a project at work, that'd been bugging me. 
I drank a tasty green tea latte that I made.
The sun was out and it was warm.
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me aI donat know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this mucha
I gave my students an activity and they had fun with it. 
That first sip of coffee that I had this morning
The weather allowed me a smooth ride to work this morning after a grueling winter of terrible driving conditions.

Drove to work in record time.
"Feeling a Moment" is a song by Welsh rock band Feeder, from their 2005 album Pushing the Senses. It was released as the second single from the album, and reached #13 in the UK Singles Chart and #32 in Australia. At the end of 2005, it was voted 98th best song of the year by the readers of Q Magazine
Playing video games with my nephew
Finishing up work for the day made me quite happy yesterday.
I managed to hit a new personal record in squatting.
I talked to my dad and we talked about football for around an hour 
I managed to work on my web design project after putting it off for a while.
Getting MVP in a difficult online multiplayer game. 
In the last 24 hours I found that I will get a higher tax refund that I had previously anticipated this excites me because I can give money to my family and pay off my debts.
I went for a run with my dog in the morning. Felt pretty energized for work after it
I went to bed fairly early last night.  I needed the extra sleep and it made me feel good this morning.
I finally finished writing my article for work. 
I called my debt collection agency and they confirmed they received my payment.
It made me happy when someone that I haven't seen in a while complimented me and said that I looked really good even though I have been struggling with my body image ever since I had my baby 6 months ago. 
I got to watch my favorite tv show.
I went an entire day of work with no one from HQ sending us last minute insurance claims files and my boss didn't yell at me to work faster to meet deadlines. I had a boring happy day.
A tasty dinner yesterday.
I finally wrote to my congress and made a phone call to advise them to stop the Republicans from taking away the affordable healthcare act put in by Obama.
My dyslexic child reading her chapter book to me with out hesitation. 
My boyfriend brought my gym clothes to me so that I could go the the gym right after work. 
I ate a delicious chocolate fudge brownie.
I went grocery shopping and got some really good deals.  I spent $20 less than I had planned.  Bought some marked down ribeyes for $3/lb.
My boss was understanding when there was a problem at work.
Seeing my employee excel at her job.
I decided to splurge and get a Caffe Latte from Starbucks this morning, and I savored it.
I ate some of my favorite meals (including bourbon steak) for dinner.
Waking up to a new day
I was able to complete my first full workout since deciding to start earlier this month.
I was able to watch one of my favorite movies for once.
I finished the grout on the new counter top tile. 
My oldest son read a story to me and told me about it excitedly.
I got to go get some chinese food, I hadnt had any in a long time.
I caught up on a TV show that I really enjoy and look forward to watching.
My roommate bought me hersheys kisses
My Mom and Dad came in town and I had an enjoyable lunch with them.
I had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch. It reminded me of my childhood.
I made tacos for dinner . The tacos turned out well.  My daughter was here for dinner and she ate tacos with my husband and me.
Hanging out with my husband after dinner on the couch, quietly listening to music.
I did some stretching this morning and it helped out with my pain.
My wife brought me a huge, messy burger, and a chocolate milk shake, when she came back from her trip to the mall with her friend.
Spoke to my parents on the phone

I saw a friend end her last chemo treatment for breast cancer yesterday. 
My friend stopped by to cht and see me who I have not seen since last year. It was awesome to touch base again and have him back in town. 
I talked to my daughter over the phone.
I made a green light on the way to work. It's a light that is most often red and takes a while sitting there before I can go again. It was simple but made me happy.
Today I made it to work on time and got applauded by my boss.
I tried out a new recipe and it turned out really well.
When riding my bike. Some old person asked me for a lift to drop him some place.
Actually i were about to go on the other route. But without getting him know this, i drove him to his home place. I was happy.
I stepped outside without a jacket today.  The sun is shining and it finally feels a bit like spring!
I had a very tasty luch at one of my favorite places
I was able to get some sleep last night.
The sun finally coming out after days of rain.
I went to my girlfriend's dance class and saw how much she's advanced. She'll soon have her Salsa Dancer certificate.
I had excellent dinner
Seeing my puppy sleeping goofy. 
I brought in a card game to try playing with my client and he enjoyed it.
I started watching South of Nowhere again after I got home from the coffe shop. That show meant so much to me when I was younger. I remember watching it alone and never talking about it because I didnt want anyone to know I was watching a Lesbian themed show. Yes I was in the closet, but more then that I could not accept to myself who I as. Now that I do and people know i am gay, it makes me happy to revisit that show that meant so much.
I donated money to my daughter's school and she can have pizza with her teacher. This makes her seem really cool to all the other kids.
I finally got the hang of knitting, and completed an entire half vest
I went outside to play with my daughters and the weather was beautiful and we had a blast.
I had a great night of sleep after not sleeping well lately.
Sleeping in a little in my warm bed this morning.
I played with my daughter on the floor.
My wife cooked me a surprise dinner to take to work with me.
The meal i made this morning it tasted so good but i was also proud of myself for being able to do that.
I was able to get some writing done at work.
Me and the dog went for a long jog at the park.
After a rough night of sleep, this morning my cat snuggled next to me and lulled me to sleep with her purrs.
I got to see my niece today, she's adorable.
The workers at Chickfila (a fast food restaurant) are always so kind and happy. Their smiles are contagious!
I did the laundry, folded the laundry, and put away the laundry in order without needing a break to do other things in between each task.
I had lost 2 lbs when I stepped on the scale.
Going to spin class with my son and seeing how much fun he had made me so happy.
I went for a walk last night and found myself in a park. I saw a swing set and proceeded to swing. The weather was great and it was refreshing to play like a child.
An order I placed for two customers came in and they fit them perfect. Happiness and relief!
I sold something I didn't need anymore on Craigslist for 90 dollars.
I went to the gym and completed a two hour long workout.
I had a great conference call at work and my boss was pleased with the results.
Saw the last ep of Billions.
I had a good session at the gym. I was energetic afterwards.
I spoke on the telephone to my mum and she seemed happy having a good time with friends and managing well.
I interviewed for a position to work with my state representative, and it seems like I have a good shot at getting the job.
I picked up running again now that the winter weather has finally died down. I feel much better physically and emotionally because of it.
I won some money at the casino today.
Listening to a new song from one of my favorite bands made me happy. 
I got ice cream last night with my wife and son while on vacation in Florida. 
Yesterday was my favorite tv show, and I enjoyed watching it!
Yesterday I spoke with my mom on the phone, she told me the latest adventures of my youngest sister and we laughed for a while.
I exercised on my exercise bike.
My girlfriend wrote me an email that was very sweet. I'm still over the moon about it.
I ate tacos.
I walked my dog and he was licking me. 
Going for a long cycling ride and enjoying today's sunny weather.
My child ran up to me when I picked him up at daycare and squealed about how much he missed me. 
Holding my wife in bed made me happy.
My brother bought home pizza
I found some lime green chiffon fabric at a good price.
I had some ice cream after dinner.
I ate some pizza. I love pizza, so that made me pretty happy. I was also pretty happy the crust was nice and doughy and wasn't burnt. I'd still have been happy if the pizza didn't have doughy crust, but really the doughy crust added to the happiness.
I fixed the audio on the Dvd/VCR player. I was able to figure it out without asking a tech person.
I smoked some weed with my very close friends.
I was able to take a nice long walk after work to destress from my day.
Spending time on the couch with my girlfriend to watch a movie.
I ate a hearty breakfast of bacon, eggs, biscuits, and hash browns which left me completely sated.
Eating a delicious dinner
Last night I watched an episode of aThe Waltonsa with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks!
My fiance brought me ice cream
My answer going to sound pathetic because I can't even remember what made me happy or if I'm smiling or not in the last 24 hours, I'm such a sad rotten potato.
I went to a place to eat with my gf. We went to applebees and had a wonderful time together.
Watching a soap opera of a wrestler, Blue Demon.
I was able to find a rare vinyl record I had been looking for for a long time. 
i felt happy today when my favorite show came on and my roommates all watched it with me. 
The weather was pleasant yesterday. It was a beautiful sunny day but not too hot due to the nice breeze we had that day.
I woke up and was excited to get to work.
I met with the neighbors about a new security proposal in our block. 
I was able to take my dog to work with me
Parents were over to watch my daughter
getting more money 
I heard a funny joke on the Tonight show.
I took a long walk with my dog this morning in the beautiful Spring weather.
I was happy when I got to take a walk in this nice warm weather with my wife.
It made me happy that my dog was really happy with a new toy I bought him.
It was adapted into a stage musical in 2008, with film/theater actor Oh Man-seok debuting as director. Oh was also the lyricist and polished the script. The story centers around two guys who are crazy about music. One is a high school music teacher, Beom-jin, who has broken up with his girlfriend and now eats sadly alone in front of his mirror out of habit. Another is the younger Sae-ki, whose mother left and whose father died in a sudden accident, leaving him an orphan. In this rather dull world, the only thing that makes these two feel alive is music, offering them their "happy life". Yoo Jun-sang and Im Choon-gil alternated as Beom-jin, and Kim Mu-yeol and Ryan alternated as Sae-ki.
I went to the gym for the first time in 6 months.
I ate a juicy piece of pizza. I have not had pizza in a long time. This made me so happy.
My most annoying co-workers are away at a conference and the office has been really peaceful. 
I took a walk at lunch with a friend and played pokemon go
I Had fun playing an older video game
My daughter phoned me to let me know she got 90% on a physics test she had been worried about. 
My country own the match finally.
playing with my dog
Making some extra side income on Mturk.com
I finished all of my work by the end of the day.
I won $20 on a fanduel nba fantasy basketball tournament lineup contest.
I went home yesterday early my husband was gone I was so happy to finally get soem free time to my self , it felt like it was a really great day that was going to last for a while 
Being greeted by "Monday" the local cat when I was sad last night looking at the stars.
I was happy when I saw a funny video on YouTube
Made slime and have been having fun with it for hours
When I played with my daughter
happy moment is i got a call saying i got a job and i need to do paperwork.
My son's teacher pulled me aside to tell me that his behavior had been excellent lately.
My dad thanked me for helping him fix a water fountain in our backyard.
When I ate at the restaurant
I worked out first thing this morning.
A shirt that I had ordered online finally came in.
Being able to buy a pair of boots for myself.
When school ended and so I could finally go home.
I won a 100 dollar shopping spree at my local grocery store.
I exceeded my quota for the day at work.
I went on a nice bike ride at midnight.
I watched two hummingbirds go to the new feeder I put up.
I was really happy when my girlfriend got into the top engineering program in the nation. I baked her a cake and took her out to dinner.
I got to attend a work conference with work friends.
I grabbed a $20 HIT on Mechanical Turk.
I made some really great progress with my puppy on training.
Watching youtube videos of my favorite late shows that I haven't been able to watch for a while
My 5 year old and I had a nice conversation about what he thought about heaven and dying and how much he loved his family. 

My 2 year old daughter and I played together in her room. 

I ordered pizza, and the rare treat tasted delicious.
I got a bonus payment on a job from a happy client.
I left work earlier than expected this morning thanks to my supervisor.
I ran quite a long distance with good weather.
I had my favorite food, a cheesesteak, for lunch.
Went to my favorite spot for lunch today. 
Ate dinner with my family, at the table together.
Playing The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild on my new Nintendo Switch system.
I saw a huge toad or frog in my backyard. 
I was happy to see my niece when I got home from work.
I got to play some videogames with my best friend and we had a great time.
My advisor thinks I'm making good progress with my thesis.
Amazon was able to refund a product that I thought I was going to be stuck paying for.
My husband told me I didn't have to cook. He is getting food on the way home from work.
Everyone in the family enjoyed the dinner I made.  They all thanked me.
I got to eat some very delicious chocolate chip cookie dough.
I played Thomas the Train with my daughter for an hour.
I straightened up the entryway and it looks much better. 
It made me happy to eat chic-a-fila for lunch because it is my favorite restaurant. 
I watched an episode of the Simpsons last night while eating dinner.
I managed to successfully code a part of a web site without messing it up!
I called up a friend who I owe money to and she said that it is okay if I repaid her at later date.
A feral cat had kittens on my front porch. There is 4 kittens 3 orange and 1 black. now all the neighbors are coming by and looking at the kittens.
I checked a lotto ticket today and found that I won $2.00.
I got to sleep in since I didn't have work and enjoy my day by myself. 
I made some watermelon-flavored jello and was reminded of my love for watermelon Jolly Ranchers.
I received my media credentials for an important event in the mail
That my wife was able to get out of work early and enjoy some alone time.
I was happy to see my grown son in church.
Buying a new mobile phone.
got paid in work today.
Found out that my cousins bought a new home near me. 
i ate a great lunch today
I got an unexpected day off work.
I got an offer for my dream job position .
My child brought home her grade 2 report card.  I saw that she has been making a strong effort in class and across the board.
I just cooked up a couple really tasty burgers and with the new spicy mustard saw I bought, they were perfect! 
I made a delicious breakfast.
I went to my sisters and she was feeling well today and not sick she is doing chemo.
I saw my favorite bird fly over my home this morning.

I received a post card yesterday from my daughter who was in Alaska for a week.
I spent some quality time with some coworkers I really like. 
I was happy when the person I like texted me. 
I worked on my sculptures and they turned out so well.
This morning, I looked at all of the positive comments on a web-comic series that I created. I was happy because people enjoyed what I had most recently made. 
My professor told me that he was impressed that I do all the optional assignments and that I'm the only one that does them.
My son is learning how to give kisses on the cheek. He gave me one yesterday.
I woke up early this morning on time to do yoga and actually did it.
I came home from work and got much needed rest.
I took my wife's family out for my wife's birthday.
I had a rough weekend, especially Sunday, so I was actually quite happy and relieved when it was over.
The team I coach won its match today.
I went to the grocery store and got all the groceries I need for a week.
I had a stress free day at work today.
I did really well on my test.
That coffee was already made when I woke up early.
I was able to wake up at 5:00 this morning and complete my laundry before I went to class.
The puppy got all excited to see me when i came home for the first time
I figured out a solution to a problem that I was working on at work and saved myself quite a bit of time.
I finally finished cleaning my basement. Now I can cross it off of my to do list.
Going out for dinner and a movie with my girlfriend.
I did rather well in reaching my recent sales goal.
My questionable stock has turned a good profit, and seems to keep rising. 
I ate a very delicious rum cake.
Not having to work made me happy. 
It started raining after having such hot weather for a while. It was soothing. 
I saw my boyfriend again after being apart for a month.
After a long wait, my Amazon Payments account was finally verified. 
I passed my exam for my online class.
My sister made us amazing dinner!
My girlfriend invited me to go out to a musical with her parents.
My boyfriend has been really supportive and loving lately and has shown me a lot of affirmation.
I got to do my wake-up routine without being interrupted or rushed.
I received an email telling me that I won a $125 consolation prize in a business naming contest I entered on Naming Force. The client did not choose a name in time and the name I had submitted was voted as one of the top two choices by other voters. As a result, I get half of the $250 prize.
I tried out the ribs I had made the day before and they were great.
I made an incredible dinner last night and today during lunch I had leftovers and it tasted even better than before. It made me so happy.
I made a tasty breakfast
I finished I book that I've been meaning to read for ages.
MY LOVE SUCCESS
THEN I MEET MY PARTNER
MY BUSINESS WAS VERY SUCCESS
MY LOVER BIRTHDAY
CELEBRATION IN PARTY

 
I WAS HAPPY TO HEAR THAT A FRIEND OF MINE HAD A HEALTHY BABY.
I was able to sleep in today because I do not have to go to work. This was my first day off in 8 days.
I was happy when my mom made spaghetti. It was delicious. 
I was told that my older brother is getting married in a few months.
I went to the dog park with my friend. It was nice seeing a bunch of other dogs that a\are so friendly run up to you and just giving you love. 
I got to sleep in
I was talking to my future roommate and she kept making funny jokes.
We are supposed to get a foot or two of snow tonight and we could really use it, very dry here.
I went to a meditation class with my friend.
Easy commute to work
Watching a movie and eating leftover chinese food. It was complete bliss.
I talked to my Mom and she had received a good doctor's report on her blood work.
I remembered that I am proposing to my girlfriend this Saturday. I am really looking forward to seeing her as my fiancee.
I played hide and seek with my cat, his and my favorite interactive game. He makes me laugh.
I got to play a new computer game.
I had an amazing dream this morning.
I smoked a good cigar.
I met my goal of going to the gym twice this week.
I made a new smoothie mix for my snack before bedtime.
I did yoga with my family and felt totally relaxed.
I saw a video of an adorable little girl who thought a water heater was a robot. 
I found a great sale on onions.
One of my students thanked me for helping her with a project.
My son is only one so it put a smile on my face today when he tried to say some words.
Going for a run at the gym.
I talked to a student who is very encouraging.
I made sauerkraut for the first time ever.
My boss cancelled a meeting this morning.
Was given a bag of bacon bits, which was purchased at Costco.  Wasn't sure how good it would be, but tried it as a pizza topping.  It exceeded all expectations.
Seeing my friend's beautiful girlfriend.
Making lots of money on Turk in the past 24 hours is making me happy.
My oldest son willingly went and pulled in more firewood.  He gave no argument, just did the task.  That never happens.  
My fiancee took my car to the shop to get it fixed for me while I was at work.
When I finally got to bed last night I was so tired
I went to lunch today with a close friend and we had a great time.
I completed a goal that I set for myself at the gym and it pumped me up for tomorrow. 
Buying a new non stick skillet for myself.
I ate delicious rice pudding
I had a great meal of fried cod and french fries that was delicious.
I got to sleep in for a long time yesterday, and slept for about 12 hours, which made my day feel brighter and more relaxed.
I made my infant daughter squeal with joy when I played with her
Completed a project at work.
Playing with my dogs in my backyard made me happy.
I'm finally getting back into my healthy eating plan and today I found out I lost a pound.
My dog behaved when confronted by another dog on our daily walk.
Having sex with my wife made me extremely happy last night.
Holding our grand daughter for about 15 minutes and giving her love & kisses.
I received a check in the mail from a freelance job that I completely forgot about, so it was a nice surprise.
I finished a project at work all by myself.
I finally completed 45 minutes on the stairmaster
It felt good to hit the gym and then come home and notice that I'd been making results.
I had lunch at Red Robin with my coworker today. 
I got to sleep in for two straight  because I completed a long weekend of work and finally feeling better. 
The dog which barks at me when I was new to the place wags its tail and accompanied till this road end after eating my bun.
I had a phone call with a client at work who committed almost $200K in business this year.
My friend and I took a long walk.
I found out yesterday that my supervisor is away for the week on training.
I made a big dinner tonight and my partner was very grateful and appreciative of the effort.
I fixed my car.
I was able to make more money yesterday than I usually do in a day.
my girlfriend baked me cookies
Yessica got an 80% on her math test today.  It was her highest grade all year.
I sat outside and listened to the birds.
I got my test grade back from my statistics class and I got an A
I noticed I lost some weight when I stepped on the scale. I haven't been eating great, but have been exercising, which is helping.
My girlfriend treated me out to ice cream when I was feeling down and cheered me up with a nice conversation.
I saw a beautiful sunset with double rainbows
Having sex with my wife 
I listened to really good music. 
I saw that there was a new episode of Mindy Project and I was excited to watch it.
I got my favorite ice cream from the ice cream parlor
I received a new video game in the mail that I have been waiting months to receive.
Having a time with my kids.
I watched my favorite eSports team dismantle the enemy with ease.
I managed to modify my bike gears, which were giving me trouble, and finally got them to shift (almost) perfectly.
I was given the rest of the week off from work WITH pay.
see my father and my mother when they came from travel 
I visited my doctor to get the test results from a biopsy;  I was concerned that it would be cancerous, but it was benign.
My close friend got their work accepted that I helped work on to a large art website.
I talked on the phone with my brother for a good long while. We live far away from each other so it's always nice to make time to catch up.
I got to watch TV with my wife after a very busy week of her working nights. 
I was happy when I got to come home to my new finance.
The weather was perfect and I took a nice long stroll with my dog.
My 2 year old said "love" for the first time and he said it towards me and followed it up with a kiss.
I was able to go home a little earlier today.
Thinking about my young grandchildren after looking at their pictures today, and how they all look and act just like their Dad, making me very happy and proud.  
my brother son birthday
I have received good feedback from a potential job opportunity. 
I cleaned my apartment and had a lot of time to myself
I ate some great leftover pepperoni pizza I found in the fridge for lunch.
I made it to work on time.
Today is my Friday so I get to relax now.
A moment that made me happy was sitting down, eating and relaxing
I was able to have fresh air when I was stuck indoors for a long time. 
I watched videos of Disney World on YouTube when I got home from work.
I got some donuts from this local bakery and they are out of this world!
my girlfriend surprised me at work with a gift.
I am happy that I stuck to my diet that I started yesterday without cheating at all.
My hair wasn't a complete mess and looked good, which slightly boosted my confidence.
I enjoyed the thunderstorm we had today, we haven't had rain in a while and I really enjoy the sound and it helps me sleep.
I successfully resisted the temptation to eat a high fat, high sugar cinnamon roll for breakfast.
I had a great batch of ginger snap cookies, I still have a bunch left. They have the perfect balance.
I received a freelance project that pays pretty well.
I made and baked chocolate chip cookies.
I played a video game.
I was able to turn in the forbearance form for my student loans.
My boss told me I did an exceptional job. 
The dinner she made was amazing. It was my favorite meal, Pork steaks and broccoli. It was very delicious and I got to enjoy every bit of it.
I got a good grade on my midterm.
My daughter got accepted to the college she really wants to attend.
Riding 4 wheelers. 
I was able to spend time working on some crafts.
I got a call from my friend in texas that I haven't heard from in months
Earning enough money to be able to live my life.
I got to enjoy my morning run with my wife.
I was lying in bed listening to the sounds of the city around me on a warmer day.
I enjoyed the great meal and drinks on my flight.
I decided to play a video game with a friend online; I had a lot of fun and that made me really happy.
The rain on the asphalt smelled good.
I snuggled in bed with my daughter last night. She looked at me and said "I love you."
I caught an extremely rare pokemon in the new pokemon game which is awesome. 
I was really happy walking my dog in the park.
I was happy when my wife woke up feeling better.
Another thing that made me happy on the past 24 hours was when I was able to make a fast food worker smile by telling them a joke.
Had fun with friends
I ate my favorite pizza in my room at lunch
Watching the storms we had yesterday.  The lightning was incredible!
I watched a TV show I like a lot.
Bought a few pounds of crab legs and cooked them for lunch.
My son got himself ready for school without my help.
As I was walking to retrieve the mail I saw a neighbor walking their adorable dog. 
I discovered a package of cookies in the freezer that I had forgotten about.
I went on a walk through the park and it made me feel happy.
I went to dinner with some friends, after a meeting.
I went to the gym with a friend of mine who I hadn't seen in a long time.
My granddaughter came over for a visit.  I was so happy to see her and we enjoyed each others company.
I finally felt like I had recovered from the illness I was suffering through last week.
Being able to make a nice amount of money on amazon today.
I finished a good book 
I was able to go to the gym.
I finally was able to fall asleep in a public place and take a nap.
I tried scalping a stock in the stock market during the day and it ended up making me a decent amount of money.
I got the kitchen cleaned before bedtime.
I chatted with my friends on email.
I received a 10 dollar off coupon in my email for newegg.com
I gained a summer research opportunity within my major, and it involves working with people who I can use later as contacts!
I watched a few hours of funny Youtube videos.
Going to bed knowing that all of the household chores were complete for the next day.
I had steak for the first time in months.
Performing well at an online game and helping my team win.
I began reading a new book I picked up at the library yesterday. 
I went out for Chinese food with my coworkers.
I got a new apartment yesterday.
When my son said he loved me, he does not say it as much as I think he should.
I am planning another trip upcoming in August. This one is a week-long trip in Colorado. Planning makes me so excited. I love seeing everything coming together and falling into place. I will probably continue to be happy about this randomly up to the point of the actual trip.
I felt very happy when one of my other friends was having good success with a new book that he launched for sale and it had reached number 60 on the amazon kindle best sellers list.
I found a good deal shopping.
When I realized that I didnt have to go to work today
Walking outside exercising
I went to the doctor and was able to inform him that the treatment he provided was working. He provided me with a prescription for more.
I talked to my partner on the phone about his recent performance in a race (he did well). 
I finished Start Trek Deep Space Nine.
I woke up to all my dogs cuddling me on the bed.
I made more money than I expected to yesterday on Mturk.
I wrote an excellent blog post that I was proud of.
The man who stole my truck last week was found and arrested this morning and I was able to get my vehicle back. 
I went to a cinema which is one of my favorite
Finding out that my wife has not an illness that we had suspected.
I was happy when I had sex with my girlfriend.
I finished a hard exercise routine without passing out.
I made the decision to put myself first in my life and I will no longer try to please others before myself.
I finished my work for the day and logged out of the application I use for work every day. 
When I beat a hard level in a video game, I've been struggle with it for hours but the feeling I got when I beat it was amazing.
My husband gave me a kiss this morning. 
I was joking with my wife about something the democrats did that was very silly.
I took a long bubble bath.
I went to the gym and rowed.
I ate dinner with my favorite person.
I got a 72 dollar bonus in my bank account
Eating a pizza
My co-worker bought coffee for the entire office.
My dog licked my face and it made me feel good
I made good money yesterday and today at work.
I enjoyed making a delicious, healthy green pea soup with carrots and potatoes and then eating it. 
I got an invite to a friend's wedding in the mail. 
My son took out the trash without being asked.
Going to dinner with my son just the two of us
Spending time with my dogs outside made me happy. I love watching them play and having fun
Work was very busy so I am making a lot of money.
I saw an adorable kid on the TV.
I was happy when my new recipe came out very good.
I weighed myself this morning and I've lost 2lbs since my last weigh-in.
I ate McDonald's for breakfast.
The weather was really nice yesterday  and it was enjoyable to be outside.
I watched a couple episodes of one of my favorite comedy shows.
I took my dog for a walk, and he was happy.
These lemon donuts I bought from Publix.
I went for a run in the perfect weather. Hearing the sounds of nature around me made me really happy. 
I was able to save a customer of mine over 1000 dollars in insurance premiums.
I was happy to work out yesterday afternoon after a two-week hiatus.
I'm about to go home from work.
I got some alone time with my husband this morning, which is not something that we get a lot. 
I have enough leftovers that i dont have to cook dinner tonight
I was able to enjoy a nice pleasant dinner with my family last night at the olive garden.
My favorite show came back on netflix
I started having pregnancy symptoms.
Getting a hug from my daughter this morning before breakfast.
I did not have to go to work today.
When I got done with all the work i wanted to get done outside, and my son was still sleeping so i could sit and relax for a little.
I made a turkey dinner.
I met my goal on mturk and now have enough money to go on a big camping/adventure trip I've been saving up for. It'll happen in May
The money still It's my first time to have a bonus from the company ever since.
I reminisced about our college days with a co-worker this afternoon. 
I met a close friend for coffee. 
I went running
I made a breakthrough on a project im working on.
Accomplishing a week long task at my job today.
Playing with the dog in the yard - the weather was beautiful yesterday.
I enjoyed watching my daughter play the flute in her school concert.
My cat cuddled with me when I went to sleep. 
I was happy this mourning because i woke up about 2 hours early that usual and got a good start on the day and was able to do some Mturk. it put me in a good mood until lunch
I also took the rest of my guns to the range to and had fun shooting all of them.
This morning I completed a piece of embroidery I have been working on, and I am quite pleased with it.
I had a nice long conversation with my parents about how they are doing.
I got better sleep.
I got my paycheck and it was larger than normal.
seeing and talking to my great uncle as i drove through town 
I played with my cat throughout the day.
I got to watch 2 nba basketball games after dinner and actually relaxed. 
I watched a movie I really enjoyed.
It made me happy when I ate dinner.
I had a nice quiet dinner with my husband and we just talked about life and being together.
I listened to a new song that I really liked.
I made progress on a craft project I've been working on. It's turning out really well. 
When my kids were going to bed they both gave me a kiss and a hug and told me that they loved me.  They are teens now so I hope it will last.
I was happy having a slow day at work with not much stress.
I made future plans to hang out with friends for the weekend. 
The weather was great outside. 
I treated myself to a second delicious cup of coffee in the afternoon. 
I motivated myself to workout for the first time in awhile. 
I found a yogurt in the refrigerator and I had thought I was all out. 
My youngest son is doing well in kindergarten.
I got my sons report card from his teacher and saw that he got all A's.
i was working on a problem from the morning when i found the solution for the problem i was very happy there is no words to describe my feelings
my puppy loves to snuggle. 
I ate my breakfast on my back porch. I loved the warm sun.
I turned the water cold at the end of my shower.
Met my niece for a quick lunch at her favorite Italian restaurant. 
I finally paid off one of my major debts.
My mother and law she cooked the kids dinner. She talked to me when I fought with my husband late yesterday evening. I was worried I was going to go to hell for disowning my insane parents. They are both bipolar.
I stopped by my parents house and my Mom had just made a peach pie.
My boyfriend came home from work early so we got to spend more time together. 
I went out to lunch with my boyfriend and we sat outside while we ate and enjoyed our food together.
I was linked this hilarious video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptKgRecPi1I
I looked at pictures of my unborn baby's ultrasound.
I fixed a recurring issue with my car.
I was struggling at college, having a hard time studying and trying to get higher grades. I had an exam recently. after it a friend told me aIam proud of you! your persistance despite everything you've been through is remarkable and I admire you for ita
I got a book in the mail I've been expecting, and am excited to read.
Catching up with an old friend over facebook
My study hall students were cooperative and productive.
Made a new lunch for work.
The song was used in ITV's Dancing On Ice
Used in a tribute to Luc Bourdon by the Manitoba Moose before a game against the Hamilton Bulldogs.
The BBC TV show Waterloo Road uses the track many times during the series

Talking to my brother on Facetime
I had a treat that I was especially looking forward to.
I got a 98% on a midterm paper for one of my major specific courses. 
I got to eat some great food from my mom that I hadn't had in awhile
I did not have many problems falling asleep last night.
Making my daughter laugh out loud
In the past 24 hours I received a refund from amazon.com for an order that had not been delivered to me on time.
I came home after work and my wife had a made lovely lunch with I enjoyed so much, it was my favorite dish.
I made myself a tasty dinner last night.
I got a great discount when I shopped online. 
I got a call from my brother to make plans for the coming weekend.
It made me happy when I saw my 2 year old daughter go to comfort and talk to and give toys to my 6 month old daughter when she was crying.
I was able to leave work early.
I went out for chinese food at lunch and didn't realize that I had 8 prior stars and this lunch would be free. 
Getting away from work.
In my free time on Monday Night I went online and started doing some paid research survey. I have been too lazy to do them but since I am always online I decided to get paid while searching the internet.
Knowing that I was able to help one of my employees with advice on a situation they are currently facing. 
I finalized some plans for a trip to Ireland this week. 
I listened to the latest album from a favorite musician, Kristin Hersh.
My son called just to say hi.  Hadn't heard from him since my birthday.  Got filled in on all of his and his family's news.
It rained really hard today while I worked from home indoors. It was cozy.
Playing with my dogs outside yesterday.
I opened my lunch bag and remember that I had packed leftover gourmet pizza for myself.
I bench pressed 225 lbs. finally in the gym (I hit my new max PR).
Seeing how much money I made last week
While leaving the store, I gave some food to a homeless man and he thanked me.
I got to lay around with my puppies while i'm sick.
I looked at the forcast for this weekend and the weather is going to be wonderful
My fiance called me in the middle of the day to remind me that he loves me.
A new song from one of my favorite artists got released
I got a really good night's sleep and was able to sleep in this morning. I felt like I needed it.
I made progress in Nier Automata. 
At dinner, my family and I were all laughing at the silly song my daughter made up.
I reconnected with an old girlfriend. It looks like we may rekindle our relationship. 
I saw dinner in my yard.  There were 6 in the yard and laying on the grass like dogs do when they curl up on a carpet.  The scene was quiet and serene.  
Walking outside to the grocery store. It was raining a little but the temperature was very mild and it really felt like spring. And then I saw that the magnolia a few doors down the street is about to bloom!
I woke up early and should have a better schedule from now on. 
Having the day off from work so I can play my favorite games, play with my daughter, watch Youtube, and generally just decompress.
Had a delicious lunch
I got to read a book all alone yesterday in a quiet house without interruptions. 
I woke up to a foot of snow and it was not in the forecast. It looks so pretty outside and so tranquil. 
I watched my favorite TV show.
I remembered that I am taking off thursday and friday to have a long weekend filled with no plans, no commitments, no anything!
I got to eat food after I had been hungry all day.
My run went well this morning. I had a good time and I saw deer in the park.
When i ware upset last night, my mom convey me some words through online video chat. Listening to my mom's word on phone call was the best enlightenment to me i have received in last few months.
I received a card in the mail from my parents a few days early for my birthday.
I took some medication that relieved soem pain.
I more money than usual on mturk yesterday.
Finding a note that my husband wrote, reminding himself that he has a beautiful family, and to be grateful for them.
I had lunch with my bests friends, which is somenthing we did regularly a while back, but is very rare at the moment. It was great.
I went out for a long walk
Seeing the Mavericks lose so that they can maybe get a better draft pick
I was able to take my cat out for a walk while the sky was clear.
When I woke up in the yesterday I got the news I was about to me in a wedding of one of my closet friends. She asked to be a brides maid in a wedding thats going to be in London.
I was able to do some shopping with the help of husband.
I played with my new kitten, we have only had him for 3 weeks!
I completely conquered the laundry. There are no more dirty clothes in my house.
I got my paycheck.
Deciding I'm going to attend a meet-up for the podcasts I routinely listen to.
I went for a run around the block.
I bought my son a gift from the MTA store and left it on his bed so when he got home from school. He texted me a little while ago and told me he loved it.
Making progress on a work project i have had some delays on getting done i feel good about at last going forward.
I finished some errands that I have been working on all day.
Playing with my granddaughter at the park
On my walk back from the post office this afternoon, I stopped under my favorite magnolia tree and soaked in her beauty as she starts to bloom.
I was able to do a few dollar hits on amazon mturk. I don't have a lot of money and it's always nice when I can find a few like that.
We watched inspirational videos from the Ellen Degeneres show to open class. It made me happy to see so many passionate people that are helping the world be a better place. 
My husband brought home some cookies & cream ice cream, something that I have not eaten in months. It was delicious. 
I was able to fit into my old skinny jeans.
I bought some clothes today that made me feel good.
I was accepted for a higher paying study on mechanical turk. I need the money and I was thrilled that I could earn the extra money in this way.
I ordered a product for a client hoping they would like it. They loved it.
I ate chipotle and it was really good!
I ate a delicious and healthy smoothie.
I got to talk to one of my best friends on the phone for about 15 minutes. He lives far away so it was a great catch-up!
Learned to cook a new dish.
I got all of my dirty laundry washed and folded.
I found some flights at reasonable prices to go and visit my family.
I finished a homework assignment twice as fast as I was expecting.
I watched youtube videos all night with my girlfriend while we laid in bed.
I visited one of my grand babies earlier.
Sitting outside in the sun made me feel happy.
My son told me he is having the best time while we were at the beach this morning in Florida. 
Today there was a thunderstorm, and I love thunderstorms, especially when I do not have to drive in them!
The day was sunny and I went for a walk.  The sky was bright blue and there was a light warm breeze moving the tree branches and touching my face.  
I woke up next to my fiance.
I reached my sales goals at work for the day. I feel really proud of my diligent efforts.
I saw a pretty woman.
I ate a lot of food that I made.
Baking macaroons with my little brother and sister.
My husband packed a surprise love note in my lunchbox. 
Taking a walk around the neighborhood made me happy. 
I made a cool song on my computer
I had my time to myself since my niece left yesterday from staying with us. 
I got some good work in on MTurk
I got a notification that I don't have to go to jury duty next week. The court has enough people, so my service was cancelled. Very psyched about that.
I was happy that I lost over one pound. I cheated some but still lost weight.
I called my mother and had a very nice conversation.
We ate dinner as a family instead of everyone going different directions and eating separately or on the go.
Spending time and playing with my dogs out at the park.
I watched an episode of One Punch Man on Netflix which is a show I've been wanting to watch for a long time.
Figuring out a difficult problem at work
A friend of mine was on the verge of crying. She just threw herself at me, clutched at my clothes, and sighed with some relief as I held her tightly. I was overwhelmed she found comfort in my embrace.
I was productive at work.
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me aI donat know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this mucha
I got a lot of my work assignments done at work. It really saved me through a lot of stress that I had been having.
Eating a BBQ pizza from Little Ceasars.
I got a Starbucks reward free drink and used it to get a Vanilla Latte.
i felt happy today when i got caught up on my work so i had some free time to myself. 
I enjoyed watching the sunset from my apartment. I live near the sea and I often watch the sunset over the ocean from my apartment. 
I had some free lunch
I had lunch with a old high school friend. 
My girlfriend sent me a cute text message
seeing the comments wishing my wife a happy birthday
i went to the gym 
Found a new house listed for sale that is both attractive and in my price range.
I cleaned out the messy closet today and it looks great.
I was happy when I got to watch TV with my cat after a long day last night.
I got a great deal on a camera I really wanted on ebay.
i am very happy in watching movie and playing games
I got my check from the insurance company to fix my damaged car.
I bought a fitbit. This made me happy so I can now lose weight.
I made plans to meet up with a friend tonight that I don't see very often. 
My DnD group actually roleplayed instead of just plowing through plot to the next battle. 
Watched a good Stream on Twitch and had some laughs. 
I booked a trip to go to New York with two of my close friends. 
I am a chain-smoker but in last 24 hours i didn't take a single one.
playing a game of Magic with my daughter
Getting some weed from my dealer because I was out!
I got my favorite ice cream cone.
I finally asked my co-worker Tearja the server/cashier there for her cell phone number and she gave it to me.
I received a call from my brother , he is cancer free , the long waited news we had been hoping for had finally came though, it was great I was so excited about this 
Working the bugs out of my NES Classic and getting my library to work.
I was happy when I bought my tickets to watch beauty and the beast
Discovered some really chill music on youtube, and have been listening to it all day
When I ate my favorite dessert
friend calling me on the phone to tell me we should go out tomorrow and have lunch... great i have not seen her in 3 months
My income tax return was deposited into my bank account this morning.
I got the day off from work.
When I slept late.
I watched a really good movie last night.
An old friend who moved away called me and told me he was coming home to visit.
Buying my family lunch because I knew they were hungry.
When the phone that rang in class turned out not to be mine. 
I finished cleaning my house and when I looked around it was spotless.
I went without eating any chocolate, which is a big deal for me being a chocolate-lover trying to cut down on it.
An item I had been wanting to order went on sale.
I started a new diet and was able to control my urge to eat chocolate so far.
I finished washing my car and making it glossy. It looks fantastic now.
I got free coffee cake for breakfast.
My friend sent me pictures of his cat.
I ordered some training supplies for my animals.
Increasing the amount of time I ran on the treadmill
My husband answered the phone cheerfully this morning when I called and we had a nice conversation planning the rest of our day.
My wife and I shared a pleasant conversation about the future. 
My favorite show was on last night, and I had plenty of things to laugh about with people in the forum that I go to to talk about the show.
A filmmaker I'm working with was pleased with the script I wrote him.
I bought some limited edition Oreos at the store today.
I met an interesting person at the library and had a funny conversation with him
I learned that my favorite football team signed a good player. 
completed all the reservations for my summer vacation. 
I woke up and made a fresh pot of coffee, with beans I got from a local brewery
Taking a seat after hours of sorting files, and having nothing significant to do for an hour at work.
My daughter made me a beautiful painting with her poop.
I was happy to have free lunch catered for work today.
I received a package of some things I ordered online. I enjoy shopping and receiving packages.
My bathtub was draining slowly yesterday. I submitted a work order, and maintenance workers fixed it today. I was happy that it was fixed so quickly.
There were two frozen waffles in the freezer when I had thought I had already eaten the last ones.
I got a call that they found nothing wrong with some blood work I had recently had done.
My daughter told me she loved me.  Then she gave me a big hug.
My son and I made lunch together as an activity for his school spring break.
I made plans with my brother to get together this weekend to watch the Final Four.  My nephew could win $700, because he has Gonzaga beating Oregon in the championship game.
I tried a new recipe for supper and everyone enjoyed it. 
It made me happy to finally get home after 8 hours of college classes. 
Laying down in my bed to go to sleep after a long day.
I woke up to the sound of birds singing outside my window this morning. 
My friend and I cooked some delicious food, and ate it while we enjoyed an action movie.
My dog got out last night. ashe ran down our walkway, but then she stopped and came back to me, she loves me. 
I took my dogs to the dog park this morning. I met a friend there that I hadn't seen in months. We caught up on what each other has been doing. It was great to see and talk to her again.
I went to play basketball by myself and reflect on life. It was really nice.
I did well in a videogame I played after struggling for several hours.
I went grocery shopping last night and was able to save a lot of money using coupons and not buying junk food.
That I made it to work safely. There was a lot of snow and ice on the roads.
I was happy to baby my cats.
Talking with my dad.
i buy new shoes today.
Found out that my dad's flight safely landed in Boston and he has entered the hotel.
i drank a great coffee today
My husband surprised me by finishing the laundry.
I enjoyed dinner with my family in my backyard.

I discovered that our extremely nervous and shy cat has been cuddling with my child at night when no one can see her.
I sent a message to a requester on this site that his pictures weren't loading and he replied within 5 minutes and thanked me profusely. 
I received a gift card from my mother.
I saw my favorite bird fly over my home this morning.

This morning my boss applauded how prepared I am for inventory on Friday.
I listened to a really nice podcast on the Gospel readings from this past Sunday. 
I was happy because my skin looks better than it did last night. 
I took a short trip to the park with my dog and my girlfriend. We really had a fun time.
I enjoyed watching a funny YouTube video with my family. 
I have my evening free since I didn't have to go to one of my jobs or go to a club meeting that I normally have every week.
I got to get dressed up and go out to a all-girl's night dinner last night sans babies/kids. It felt really good to wear make up, a cute outfit, and my favorite jewelry. 
I received the drafts back on a grant proposal I am working on from my advisor in less than a day so I could re-edit them.
I came into to work to find out im off for the next week.
My child told me that she loved me.
I had a good day at work as far as production goes and I finally left the office today in a cheerful mood.
I got to spend quality time with my wife this afternoon.
I found the book that I've been wanting to read online for free.
I came home to a clean house that my husband cleaned for me.
Someone complimented me on my hair!
That the dogs were already taken outside to potty so I didn't have to go out in the cold to do it myself.
I realized that my songs transferred from ITunes onto my phone even though I forgot that I synced my phone.
I got my bff to stop yelling at me all the time because her boyfriend is a dick
I made myself pizza for dinner and sampled some home brewed beer.
I weighed myself this morning and finally lost that last five pounds I wanted to lose.
Getting home and playing video games online with my girlfriend and friends.
My small daughter slept all through the night last night.
My tougher students stepped up and helped move a bunch of equipment, then put away all of their instruments at the end of class. 
I enjoyed watching a pretty sunset from my window.
What made me happy was finally having time to watch my show. 
I continued some progress in a video game I've been playing. I had a lot of difficulty with it and I feel accomplished. 
I had a good breakfast at a local deli.
I found out that certain college credits I assumed that I had to complete next semester will not be necessary. 
Someone complimented my hair and said it looks really nice.
I got to spend time with my family 
I finally started back into my lifting routine after I took a month off. 6 days a week now and feel so great to stay healthy.
I got Chinese food for lunch this afternoon as a treat for working through a ten hour day.
I'm finding hits on MTurk so that I can make some money.
I found one of my cat's favorite toys tucked behind the couch. He was super excited to play with it since it has been missing for awhile. We played for about 15 minutes.
I started thinking about more things that I will do on my vacation in 2 weeks.
I went for a massive work out and got really sweaty and felt all used up at the end of it, and it made me feel so happy to feel so energetic.
I had more medication than I thought
I made burritos at home for dinner for the very first time.
I GOT ENGAGEMENT
MY LIFE PARTNER IN MY FAVORITE GIFT  GIVE THEM
MY FAMILY GOING TO TEMPLE
POOJA CELEBRATING 
MY MARRIAGE
 DATE WAS FIXED  
I HAVE LOT OF HAPPY MOMENT 
I WAS VERY HAPPY THAT I WAS SENT AN EMAIL SAYING THAT MY AMAZON ACCOUNT HAS BEEN FIXED. 
I was able to poop without problems the past week. I've had issues with constipation so being able to freely go to the bathroom is very fortunate.
I was happy when I won on my favorite video game. It's a stress reliever for me. 
 I felt a strong spiritual presence that made me feel peaceful.
I went rock climbing with my brother, it was fun but it was very tiring but you feel like a badass when you're climbing so high.
I finished a presentation
When I got home, I had a cup of coffee and ate my favorite burritos to relax.
Was able to get the rest of the roof off of a dilapidated shed. It had been causing me problems for a few days now.
My friend made a really funny joke and we laughed for at least half an hour.
Wife made a good dinner.
Getting told by an employee that I was their favorite manager and would be the next person to get promoted.
I ran on the treadmill for an entire hour and didn't feel winded or overly exhausted.
I had a funny conversation with one of my distant friends. It was good to reconnect over text.
I played a board game with my husband at home, it was a funny game - Exploding Kittens.
I listened to music I liked.
I got a nice haircut this afternoon, and have been loving my new look since.
The episode of "Bates Motel"has a surprising twist on the classic story.
My friend sent me a book because he thought I would like it.
I enjoyed the sunlight on my drive home from work.
I finally sat down at my computer to make some money. The hardest part is starting, so I felt great.
I felt unusual gratification in my job. 
I watched a movie that was really good.
I came home from work and my two cats were waiting for me by the door to welcome me home.
I actually had time today to do a workout for 30 minutes.
Watching The Atomic Brain.
I was able to make coffee and sit for a few minutes before driving to work. 
I got an email from a friend and we got caught up on each other's lives. 
Today was the first sunny day after four days of rain.
Watched two episodes of The Goldbergs from season three.  Very funny stuff.
Going home and seeing my clean house after working hard on it all weekend.
Getting a good nights rest of 8 hours made me happy this morning.
Both of my kids had school today, so I had the house to myself.  Peace and quiet at last.  It was very restful too.  
A book I wanted to buy went on sale for Amazon and I bought it.
Getting the work done that I needed to get done
Me and my daughter made a cake yesterday and we had so much fun.
My kid had a great result on their project that we worked on all weekend. 
Making myself a nice, hot cup of tea.
I made delicious rice pudding
I drove around in my car today listening to my favorite songs on the radio.
I did really well in my job this morning and I feel like I am finally getting the hang of everything.
Instead of escalating tension, my wife and I were able to calmly talk through an argument and hugged it out.
Took my dog for a long walk around the neighborhood 
Giving my dogs a bath made me happy.
Being able to see my siblings and mom smile and laugh together at the dinner table last night.
I enjoyed being outside today as it was a nice warmer day with no rain.
Last night I was able to have an adult beverage and play video games with my friends, which made me happy.
Spending time with my husband's niece, nephew and their new baby boy.
It had been raining all morning and I was worried I would have to walk my friend's dog in the rain, but the sun came out when I got to his house.
We got some much needed rain and it smelled so good
I organized our house, it is now finally clean
Being able to get to bed early and wake up feeling pretty refreshed.
I made over $15.00 on Amazon Turk yesterday which was a personal record!
I could finally eat solid foods again after being sick all last week.
When I purchased in online store for Rs 1500, I got a cashback of 25% .
I ran for at least 30 minutes on the treadmill today.
My friend and I got pedicures.
I found a coupon while ordering food online through seamless and saved $10.
I was feeling a bit down, so I called a friend to chat and she really cheered me up quite a bit.
I received a gift to my friend
I didn't have insomnia last night.
I got great sleep last night
I took an amazing 2 hour nap and feel great.
I found a new show on Netflix.
I ate subway for lunch, I love subway
It rained overnight and stepping out to my car in the morning felt great with the water still in the air. The smell of fresh rain is unique.
Went for a jog around my neighborhood in the early morning. It felt great to witness the sun rise as I finished.  
I was able to complete reading the novel I had started a week ago
playing with daughter
I played the guitar.
I looked up from my work and noticed it was 5 o clock and time to go home. 
I received a high grade on a midterm exam
I will be going to a concert tonight that I have been anticipating for months.
Watching tv with my kids at home.
I ate my favorite food which was my dad's classic home cooked dumplings.
I wrote a program to automate a process of acquiring single pages of a PDF. It's almost complete, and I can't wait to get back to it.
I was given free Flyers tickets and I am currently at the game having a great time.
playing play station 4 with my friend  
After a long day, I picked up a six pack of beer;  I'm in the process of enjoying it now.
I got word that step sister had a successful surgery yesterday and is doing well.
I had a phone interview for a job I applied for and it went well.
My daughter told an unexpectedly funny joke. 
I am happy that I am finally done with work and I get to go on vacation.
I had a great long talk with my dad about life over breakfast this morning.
Both of my dogs and my toddler played together nicely outside while I enjoyed the nice sunny weather.
I had a really good dinner last night.
Making dinner tonight and our meal came out perfectly for once, was very happy and enjoyable. 
my younger sister marriage all family members will meet very enjoyful
The temperature today was 70 degrees and the sun was shining.  I don't like cold weather so this was heaven for me.
I called an old friend and talked for a while
I read a few more chapters of the novel I've been reading these past few weeks.
I was able to relax and fall asleep at a reasonable hour.
I helped out an elderly man and he was very kind and appreciative. 
A moment that made me happy was playing a game of basketball with friends
I was able to imagine a hopeful future when I am stuck in depression and poverty at the moment. 
A meeting at work ended early.
I played with my cat and snuggled with him while watching some TV.
my dad bought me the new nintendo switch and it was a total surprise.
While I was shopping this morning, I had an opportunity to give someone some money that really needed it.
I resolved the backlog issue at work and my boss praised me for it.
I got on the scale and discovered that I have lost 5 pounds which is what I have been working towards.
I managed to do all my free weight work without being interrupted.
I made plans to see my mom and aunt in the coming weeks. I'm excited to see them after a few months away.
My rabbit was very affectionate toward me.
I saw my friend at work and we talked about life.
I got a good night sleep.
I danced with my girlfriend at a nightclub and watched her as she swayed her hips.
My partner sent me a special gift of chap stick, that he made himself. 
The movie we watched on netflix was really good, and we both enjoyed it from beginning to end. 
I had a really good breakfast.
Got to spend time with a friend.
I made enough money to pay my bills
My partner and I decided to go on an around the world trip next year.
Not having to go to work made me happy
Going home to see my family for spring break.
The birth of my baby was the best thing that happened to me this month.
My husband and I made dinner together. 
Sunday night I had an extremely well cooked meal (which I cooked myself), and it was large and filling and satisfying. I pork loin, rubbed with garlic paste and coated in black pepper corns, which I seared in a pan and then finished by roasting in the oven with some potatoes, and I served the whole thing with hearty italian bread and pan gravy on top.
Something that made me happy over the past month was running into an old friend from college and having lunch and catching up.
I went downtown with friends for my good friend's birthday. We had an absolute blast. 
I'm making some really good money tonight. Between my regular job and this.
In the last month I was happy when my 4 year old brought to me a picture that he had drawn and was very excited about; it was a happy moment because it was the first picture that he has drawn that has actually looked like something.
When I began to do all the overtime I wanted to pay off some bills.
I renegotiated my student loan and made preparations for the final payments.
I went out to a local hockey game with my brothers.
I found out That I passed my procert evaluation.
Hiking 7 miles at Norvin Green State Forest made me happy this month.
my mom's birthday celebration and wedding celebration and my dad birthday celebration i enjoyed the past month
THE FACT THAT I AM STILL ALIVE UNTIL TODAY THAT MAKES ME HAPPY.
One thing that made me happy this past month was only about a week ago, i received a 35 cent pay increase per hour at my job.
I went to the gym almost everyday this month. My goal is to go at least 5 times a week and spend at least 40 minutes lifting weights or doing cardio. I feel great when I achieve my goal.
Making money on amazon turk made me happy this month.
My husband gave me a massage the other day.
The when I was in the military and got promoted to E-4.
Unlocking a very hard achievement for mafia 3 for xbox one console.
Today, I got my exam grade back for my finance class and it was a 96!
i was paid back all of the money that i was owed.
One thing in the past month that made me happy was when I came home from work and usually my husband has a lot of things that he has to do when he works from home but he told me that he didn't have anything to do and he wanted to use his free time to spend with me and that made me extremely happy because it shows that he cares about me a lot.
I got a new smartphone as a gift from from my uncle.
I got a raise after my performance reviews in the past month.
I completed a difficult 5K running race and won my age group.
Buying air flights for my vacation in May.
An immediate family member received a promotion at work.
I met a girl at a coffee shop and got her phone number. Later went on date and had sexual realtions
I received a sticker I had asked a friend of mine to make.
I visited to my native place and my parents at town, I enjoyed little trip to town.
I was at church participating in corporate worship and the lyrics to a new song reminded me of one of the beautiful attributes of God.
My new boss complimented me, and said other management staff appreciated my efforts. 
My child said "Daddy" for the first time.
I was happy when I was able to finally fix my broken iPod using a trick I learned from Youtube.
My cat came to cuddle with me without any prompting 
The day that I ate a Portillo's chocolate cake shake. 

I scored an awesome deal on a jacket at Target (that I'd been eyeing for a while).
I read a new story at the student reading and the audience responded favorably. Also some fellow students and instructors complimented me on how well some recent revisions worked.
tour with friends to outstation 
I took my son to a doctor's appointment last week regarding his ADHD treatment. The doctor prescribed a new medication and we are already having great results. I'm happy to see my son behaving better and I know he's happier too.
My daughter started saying my baby daughters name.
A very old friend visited me at home.
Last month I was at my first Doctor Who convention, which I was so excited to be part of as I never been before.
Meeting my mother for lunch.
Within the last month I have been happy because my wife and I have been spicing up our sex life.
This past month I was able to see my family and we went to a hockey game together. 
I learned how to cook a new cake recipe.
I went on a fun weekend trip.
Winning a competition with my mates.
My family and I spent an entire day together with no one arguing. Even though our plans were ruined half way through we improvised and had a great time. We went to eat and spent a long day playing at the playground and taking a walk with our dog. 
I crashed my car and escaped any injury.
I could organize,with my facebook friends,blood for a needy boy
I spent two weeks with my long-distance girlfriend in the past month.
I completed a group project I had been working on for several months. It was a lot of stress off my day. 
I replaced the flooring in my bathroom, which included removing and reattaching the toilet, and it looks 100 times better!
Taking my grandkids to the movies made my happy.

Last month I have achieved my target in my job much before the stipulated time.
The weather was warm, and I went running for the first time in several months. 
I went to golden corral. Not a place I typically dine with my husband and his parents and our kids. The food was good. I decompressed a little and found a minute of happiness. I am estranged from parents. My son (my husband's stepson) is angry with my husband so I have been extremely nervous.
I was happy because a game I was waiting for came out and I enjoyed it.
I completed a project for one of my projects for class, and my teacher really liked it and congratulated me.
I went to a concert of my favorite artist.
With the coming of Spring I've felt a renewal of energy.
Last month i participated in a cookery show and i won first runner up. 
The stock i started investing in went up slightly.
got off probation. i won a lotto scratch off. i finally cussed somebody off that needed it.
I decided that I needed to take time off from school to focus on reassessing my education goals and also returning to full-time work.
In last month I had a tour program that day was very special for me
I'm a flight attendant so being able to go to the beach on a layover this past weekend was amazing.  Having a fun crew joining me made it a thousand times more fun!  We spent all afternoon together laughing, telling stories, and had a nice lunch as well.  
When my husband bought material to rebuild our chicken coop. 
I was given a small raise as well as the opportunity to work a few more hours per week, thus increasing my income.
Last month, I got selection in a Government Examination.That moment of joy I cannot really express.....
I traveled to Florence Italy to visit friends for a week.  
What made me happy this month was the arrival of my Mother from out of state.
My son won the senior elementary science fair in the engineering category 
I ordered a new mountain bike from the Trek Store last week.
I really started getting involved with a company I can sell online with I am very much behind and love the products.
I had a great date night with my wife.
I had a totally crappy day at work, it was raining when I left the shop which was perfect for my mood. I got in my car, turned on the radio and surprise..more bad news. I decided to treat myself to a cup of coffee on the way home..instead of choosing the drive through I went inside to see what donuts looked fresh. I ordered my coffee donut to go and just as I was  about to pay I heard a voice behind me say, "I've got it". When I turned around I saw it was a guy from work who I don't really know but he's kind of cute. I thanked him, feeling my face getting red and said I'd see him tomorrow.
I reconnected with an old friend.
When I realized I was making more than "pennies" working for Mechanical Turk since I am on a very fixed income.
I won 100 dollars on a lottery scratcher 
Watching Jason Bourne with my girlfriend the other day made me happy.
What made me happy last month was the fact that I was able to stick to my routine and stay in shape has really helped me become a better role model for my family. They often do my workouts or they try to make certain meal I eat. It is very motivating for me as well
Eating the delicious ribs my wife made or dinner
I got a new doggy daycare client that I will be caring for 5 days per week and it's working out really well. 
I love play Soccer with my son
I watched the movie Logan.
Getting a bonus at work.
I lost 5 pounds which is awesome considering I never ever lose weight.
My eleven year old son remembering the correct turns we needed to make to get home from an unknown city, when I didn't remember them myself.
My favorite men's college basketball team made the final four for the first time ever.
My hostas are emerging! I can see their tips. Spring is near!
Got engaged with my new life.
My cat had recently lost weight so i took her to the veterinarian. The veterinarian said my cat had all the symptoms of hyperthyroidism. A few days later i received a call saying that my cat was perfectly fine and healthy.
I was happy that I decided to go outside of my comfort zone and try a crossfit class.
I got my new job which is more good and I was very happy.
I finally met my long distance girlfriend from the netherlands, it was the happiest moment of my life.
I went to dinner with my friends and someone got me a bunch of drinks.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

My boyfriend and I were walking around a park at night playing Pokemon Go.
It was dark out and we were looking at a covered area that had a picnic table on it, considering bringing the kid down for a picnic the next day.
my friend try to make happy all the time. last month best moment is to meet my old friend who is angry with me when i was only 10
I was able to purchase tickets to a concert that I want to attend and got very good seats. 
past month i got a gift from my uncle, which makes me happy
I had a photo published in a major publication.
I finally managed to make 10 free throw shots in a row (basketball) from a long time of practicing.
Im past one month i was searching for good job for my professional. I was really tried for that for more than 2 months. Then i finally found the one which i feel most comfortable to me and i eager to wish to i am be the one person for job is perfect.  THis was the happiest moment for me to find my job in past month.
I was able to dumbbell press 100 pounds in each hand.
When my best friend flew down to surprise me on my birthday. 
I matched into my first choice for PGY2 Ambulatory Care Pharmacy Residency.
Friends visiting and spending time over the weekend
I got a text from a man I'd seen on a first date, and really liked, asking to schedule a second date.
I talked to my sibling.
Last week i won the watch in competition, i feel very happy.
I saw my childhood friend
I got to see one of my favorite bands named Slothrust perform live for my first time at a new music venue that I haven't been to before and it was an amazing show! They played a lot of my favorite songs and even performed an encore by playing one more song after finishing their set. I can't wait to see them again!
Something that made me happy in the past month was when I received a bouquet of flowers. 
In the office, I finally completed all my bills before the deadline
Today morning my friend come from USA and he give me a new mobile phone.
I was able to get a loan deferred.
In past month i m very happy when i get surprised gift from my father, i received a car in that gift.
I bought an expensive shoe that I have always wanted to wear  on amazon
This past month, Starcraft Remastered was announced which made me very happy because it brought back a lot of nostalgic memories of enjoying that game with my friends from Middle School up through College.
when i got a girlfriend. she is my first love and that time i thought that she would be my life partner. because i love so much.
I got to see one of my plays performed at a theatre in Hollywood.
I found out that I was drawn for the September Elk Hunt in my state.  
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
Going to my daughters soccer game and seeing her have fun playing.
I completed a $15 HIT yesterday. 
It made me happy to get a promotion at work.
My wife and I were able to save a lot of money towards our retirement accounts.
I was happy when I was able to connect with my. Boyfriends son and he said "I love you"".
The day with my wife
 I successfully completed my project and all the subordinate and boss congratulate me.
I pass an final, that I was dreading.
It wasn't so simple, but I helped to open a new library branch in my city last weekend. I'm on the library board, so I got to speak at the ribbon cutting, after the mayor, the state assembly member, and the city librarian. The community in that part of town has been asking for a library and waiting for a long time, and it was great to see a library that crowded. I went back on Tuesday after work to browse around, and it was still crowded. If it stays that packed, we may need to extend the hours. Honestly, I'd love to have that sort of problem. I think it's great to see that many people so eager to use the library. 

The day i got promoted
Working on my grandfathers piano made me happy.
Found out my friends paper's was accepted at a major conference.
I was happy last week when I arrived at my house when I found a new refrigerator in the kitchen, after the old one had gone down months ago. It was very exciting to see a new gadget at home.
I got hired as a journalist for an online gaming-related publication. 
Seeing my overseas living friend after few months of time and having few beers with him.
I brought my dream car that I always wanted.
Earlier this month a bunch of friends and I rented out a place at the beach and spent the weekend hanging out, ignoring the news, and had a great time.
I got transfer to the main plant (From Jan) . There all the machines are worked by computerized program. I have no experience in this field. Only PLC prog, studied. All are new employees and also having engineering degree. When I enter this, they treat me ill, because I have no engineering degree. But out of my curiosity, I learned lot from net and also in practical in the free time. My senior manager advised to them to, teach me the prog. But they told yes, but in practically they didn't teach me. Last month I solved the one critical problem without their help. All are shocked. Now they are all respect me and call me Anna( brother). That moment I got very happy
I have a crappy life, so happiness is relative.
The closest i came to happy was several hours on Twitter one night with a group of women and we were just being silly. 
Early last week, I thought i found a photographer to work with.
I got accepted into the school I wanted to go to.
I straighten my curly hair and colored.
When I reached my monthly Mturk goal about a week early.
A moment that made me happy was seeing my family. I live about an hour away for school, so I don't see them so often. I had my spring break last week, so it was nice to be able to go see them for a little while.
I celebrate My 24th birthday
Going to my childhood friend's baby shower.
I got to eat cake on my son's birthday after abstaining from sugar for a month. It was delightfully exciting.
I was very happy when I got a phone call telling me I was being offered the job I interviewed for the previous week.
last week I purchased a new car.
I had a lot of success in a project I had been working on at work and it made me very happy.
I was told this fact by the Sisters of Saint Joseph while I was growing up in Catholic School. As were many other kids. Itas meant as a testament to God above science. As the story goes, scientists and aerodynamic experts got together and did the math and realized that with its mass and wingspan a bumblebee isn't capable of generating the lift needed to get airborne. Put more simply: a bumblebee cannot fly. Itas too fat and its wings are too short.
I spent quality time with my spouse. We went for a short two days trip. This was the best time recently we spent together.
When my family cooked my favorite food at night
I had a good experience that we are involving in a same continuous statements that are to be involved in farthest condition
I was asked on a date by a guy I like and it went well!
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
I was walking down the main street of my hometown and there was this red head girl, she was mid's 20s or something, I was so shocked to see her there standing, probably waiting for someone or something. I was playing games in my mind but I wanted to approach her and ask her name or something, I was scared as hell as I got closer. 

I made my steps to her and told her "You're pretty", she rolled her eyes and smiled, my left leg was shaking like crazy, but I managed to control myself and ask some more, her name, and even her phone number. 

After all that short talk, probably less than 4 minutes, I told her goodbye and I did the triumph walk to my home. It may sounds stupid to other people, but that few minutes gave me so much happiness in my empty life. 
Getting work promotion
I listen old songs and it will led me to the old days memories.
I was starting a new business and somebody came through for me in a big way which relieved my worry and brought in excitement and motivation.
Getting a promotion at my job made me very happy. I have worked quite a while to get this promotion and I feel it's very deserved.
I finished a 300 mile sled dog race.


What made me happy (remotely happy) was thinking about my future and my hopes for it. Planning the financial aspects of moving out and getting a place of my own to live, so that I can live my new life. 
I was happy when thinking about the new job I'm going to be starting next week.
I finally got to go home and spend time with my family.
Start the construction work of our new home.
buying a new car
I felt I had done a good job on a project at work. 
I saw a great horned owl scarf up a mouse.  I've only witnessed this a couple times.
I loved getting to celebrate my sister's birthday. We went to a concert and had an awesome time! I don't get to see her very much as we live in different states, so it was a great memory that I'll never forget.
This past week I got the opportunity to visit BP's GOA group in Chicago and talk with the head of crude oil trading. Hearing about the day to day tasks he does and the deals he negotiates over physical oil made feel excited about my long-term prospects as an incoming trading intern.
I introduced my daughter to the video game "Super Meat Boy" and we had so much fun playing and laughing together.
I am happy that I made the most amount of money in the last month on Amazon Mturk that I have ever made in my 3+ years of membership. 
I finally was able to buy the NEW car I needed.


Toady my birthday but I am not happy every year we are celebrating very happy but this I can't happy
The moment I got accepted into Phd program. I had worked so and and worried for so long and then the acceptance came!
Two weeks ago, I was approved for a much-needed loan that I initially thought I would have trouble acquiring; I felt immediate relief when I received the approval email. 
I watched a movie with my best friend for which I was waiting for long time
I got a new project to lead my team
When I ate at a new restaurant.
I spent an afternoon talking, hiking and laughing with my best friend.
They feel validated by stories in which a human believed a computer was wrong, ignored the computer's advice, turned out to be right, and got a happy ending instead of the ominous "what if ..." of heeding the computer.
I went on vacation for a whole week. 
My happy moment was the day I laid eyes on our dog we adopted this month.
I paid off one of my credit cards.
A girl came up to me at the gym and talked to me. We had a short conversation and at the end we exchanged telephone numbers.
After working all week, knowing I was off the next day and could sleep and catch up on my rest. 
I was happy that I was able to purchase a dress that I've been waiting for. It was a dress that was very expensive but I was finally able to find it at an affordable price. When I received it, the dress exceeded all of my expectations.
I GO TO SHOPPING WITH MY FRIEND
I feel very happy when I see the Warriors win
My son made me happy when he said and showed me the number two.
I witnessed an accident and I was able to rescue the passengers from the vehicle before it was completely engulfed in flames, 
We have conducting the party of my mothers birthday the in last month the party was very enjoyable movement on the day me and my family members enjoyed lots and lots in an parties
I qualified in the inter collegiate tennis tournament as a university player which was held at bangalore.
Something that made me happy this month is becoming closer to a new girl at work. She is very sweet and I am very glad she became a part of our crew.
I was given a promotion in my job as a senior manager with a lot of significant decision making power.
I was having car problems and when I took it to the dealer to get it fixed I found out it was still under warranty and the dealer fixed it at no charge.
my mother surprised me by coming home with my favourite cooked meal
I recently had my car impounded. I managed to get it back and this made me feel a lot happier and secure.
Skateboarding alters your perceptions of urban space forever. Bland 1960s architectural eyesores become a creative challenge awaiting skate exploration. With the streets as your playground, loyal friendships are formed a a wolf pack of sorts a with whom you roam, hunting out new challenges and opportunities and Relationships with fellow skateboarders traverse international borders because the sport brings with it a global bond of sincerity. You know endless good times await a you're a global conquistador aboard four wheels and seven layers of Canadian plywood.. and when i fall my friends cheer me up. when i land a trick that the most never ending happiness.
I woke up on a Sunday next to my significant other after a week of insomnia.
I was accepted in a job I applied for in early February.
last month February 14 my husband gifted a wrist watch surprisingly . I didn't expect from him . really it was amazing. 
Someone I loved dearly passed away recently, I drove to his funeral 3 states away and on the way my engine of my car blew. I was stranded and in turn lost my car and had to sit at a bus station for 12 hours and then ride a bus for another 12 hours just to get home. When my bus pulled into the station of my home town, I was happy.
It's my friends birthday and we celebrated at lunch.
Two weeks before I met with a minor injury.As I was away from my parents I had to look after myself.Seeing my struggle for managing my household works my neighbours decided to show up and took care of me and my house.They did it without any expectations.It was such a pleasure and happiest moment for me that time.
I was happy when I got back with my boyfriend. 
When my wife and I "facetime" with my daughter and we get to see our grandson, our daughter, and our son-in-law.

My cat had been constipated for three weeks and she finally made a successful bowel movement on Monday morning.
My Son got good grades and promoted to next class.
Meeting two new puppies that my sister adopted.
I attended my first NASCAR Race in person.
10 days ago i went tour with my friends it was very funny moment
bought a new phone this past month
My mother rented the beach house that we used to visit when I was very young and I felt incredibly happy when we last weekend to celebrate my birthday.
I waited patiantly for my income tax return and finally received it. And no i haven't went rogue with impulse purchases. I just did  the noble thing to do and take care of home, made a couple of investments and put the rest in my bank account.
It was 70 degrees out the other day, and it felt amazing to go for a walk in the park.
I saw a man eating potato
I went to see Beauty and the Beast with my friends and it's fantastic
I secretly gave a homeless man some money. My girlfriend and I were walking around a park at night. It was dark out and we were looking at a covered area that had a picnic table on it, considering bringing the kid down for a picnic the next day. As we got closer, we noticed a homeless man was sleeping on the table. He was in an old sleeping bag and had a few bags of his possessions around him. We both decided to not disturb the old man and go somewhere else. We got back in the car and I still didnt feel okay.

I saw a pen and paper in my car so I wrote the guy a note: aHey there! Hereas some cash for a hot cup of coffee and some breakfast tomorrow. Hope you have a wonderful day today!a

We crept back over and I stealthily slid the note and cash under one of his bags. Thereas truly nothing happier than doing something for somebody else.
I felt so happy when i started seeing results on my weight loss . I lost 5 kgs and now i feel light and happy 
My career status has raised one notch up. I was made sure that I'll be continuing to work in my field of interest in spite of me having less years of experience, lesser opportunities and higher demand in the industry.
We the whole family went out for a hill station and its highest peak of our location. We visited many places and stayed there for three days. We really enjoyed the trip.
My daughter and I spent two hours listening to classic rock songs from the 80s. It was a lot of fun exposing her to this music and she enjoyed it quite a bit.
I finally found a used car and paid for it, after being without a car for 3 months.
I was very happy when I realized I had aced my first psychology test of the semester.
I got an offer in online shopping and it saved my money and i was feeling very happy
I got license for four wheeler after a long time , it made me happy.
Cousins visited me and my family from out of state.
My father (who has dementia) was in the hospital for a minor surgery, and while he was there, he got the flu. I was on my way down there (8 states away), and I was so happy to be with him. We unexpectedly lost our mother in October, so we've all been struggling. Anyway, in the hospital, I tended to him until he was well enough to leave the hospital. I was so happy when he was released that I started crying tears of joy.
Last month I attended marriage function and many friends told me i looked pretty and dressed well, that was a happy moment.
Enjoying quality time with my daughter to watch her interact with others made me realize I did a good job raising her.
Nostalgia has me by the throat today. Iam not sure why. In an effort to assuage it, I am sifting through old photos and there are some great ones from a holiday a few years ago. I had gone on a family holiday with my parents and two siblings to Munnar in the tea country of Kerala. We drove from Kottayam to Munnar and stayed for a weekend. That trip too was steeped in nostalgia as my father had grown up there.

When the three of us were little kids, our favorite bedtime stories were the 'Munar Talesa narrated with infectious enthusiasm by my father. We were never satisfied with one and would try to wheedle more by pleading hard. His yarns portrayed what seemed to be an idyllic country life to the three of us who lived in a flat in Bombay in those days. There were tales of runaway cows, gardening attempts, going to school in the cold winter and throwing up on long bus journeys down from the hills. Munnar always seemed like a little piece of heaven to me. Around the time my father went away to college, my grandfather relocated to our hometown of Kottayam following his retirement. My father didnt return for more than thirty years in fear of tainting his cherished memories. He finally gave in when the rest of his siblings planned a trip to see if their old house, school and other favorite places were still there.
Munnar still seems a lovely town to me if you stay away from the crowded and badly constructed main areas. But my father insists that it was much better sixty years ago when the British company Messrs Finlay Muir & Co ran the town. The town had grown due to the tea estates owned by Finlay Muir in the name of Kanan Devan Hills Produce Company. From electricity generation to hospitals, everything was set up and managed by the company but he remembers it to be an extremely well-run town. Even the roads were washed down everyday, he says. The company also ran the school where my granddad was the Headmaster and that my father attended. He recalls the Munnar Supply Association (MSA) being a shop for the British with many imported things that seemed exotic to him like cheese and preserves. We went in to take a look on that trip but there was nothing remotely exotic in there.
Last year my parents came along on a location visit to Munnar to add properties for seek&hide. We stayed at one of our favourite homestays in Munnar, Casa del Fauno and were lucky that we caught both the glorious sunset and sunrise over a steep valley. My father looked so content and happy to be back in Munnar. The next day we visited another of our hotels in Munnar, Windermere Estate. The manager mentioned that the great grandson of James Finlay had stayed with them a while ago. So we were not the only people who were making nostalgic trips to Munnar :) If you look at these pictures, it will be clear why I am a wee bit sentimental about the place too.
One day I came home from a long, arduous day at work. My 4 month old beagle/chihuahua puppy jumped in my lap, put her paws/arms around my neck and hugged me for over 1 minute loving me and taking away my exhaustion. 
I spent some time with a close friend.
When I got an opportunity to visit the country's capital Delhi last month, I was very happy.  It was long cherished desire of me to visit that place.  Finally I could accomplish it.
When I got a 100 on my Marketing Research test.
I went to church for St.Antony Novena and i felt spiritually happy.
what made me happy last month I got promoted and my salary was increased
Going down to a spot we found on the riverbank some days earlier and taking my four year old down there for her first experience of walking by the river. Watching her collect shells and rocks and dig in the sandbanks, so absorbed in what she was doing and so happy, made me feel happy. I think we spent about an hour and a half down there before going on to the park. The happiness was short lived because my germaphobe husband freaked out about how muddy we got.



My brother introduced me to a new church.
i am happy that there are certain things in the world need from me i am willing to give into that also i like my privacy.. THis hit is wonderful always gettting me some money just for a 5 minutes of work.
i went to jungle as my jungle trip... it was just do and die trip.... i was very happy after i went to the jungle i felt very scare because...The leaves in the jungle are large and can be used to collect rain water to drink . the jungle is such an abundant resource of plants and animals, the resources for finding food are everywhere. It's just a matter to find food...after the day end ...it was a night i was dying from a mosquito bite its very iching i con,t sleep properly....but i saw the animels in live that was really amazing it was just my dreams come true...after coming back from jungle i felt relax my friends and family was very proud of me it fell me very happy
I received an offer for a new job.
The day that I paid off several of my debts that were on my credit report.
Last month my publication read by many members in research gate site. It is happiest month because lot of people showing interest on my research topic.
our family went trip to the Delhi for taking photographs of taj mahal. it is one of the seven beauties in the world
When a former high school bully apologized to me after 18 years.
I became the first person to complete the project.
Past month I booked my ticket in advance for Spain n i am so happy to go in few days to Spain 
I received my annual variable pay bonus from my employer.
when i married my husband,it is the happiest moment in my life.
When i had a great weekend trip with my friends
I got promotion in my company and it is very delightful.
Moving back home made me happy.
My grandmother came back from seeing a friend and was in a really good mood.
I was asked to make a batch of brownies that everyone liked last time. I didn't have enough brown sugar as per the instructions, so I mixed together white sugar and eyeballed how much molasses I would need. They came out much better than the brown sugar ones last time, and I got more compliments on them. 
My favorite team won the match comprehensively.
I was very happy last month when my wife got delivered a cute baby girl which just looks like me
When I bought first smartphone from my own income.
Last month my salary was increased.Besides that I got some incentives also.
One reason that experiences (and memories of those experiences) make us happier than material things is due to the entire cycle of enjoyment that experiences provide: planning the experience, looking forward to the experience, enjoying the experience, and then remembering the experience. Make your home a gallery of positive memories.
I spoke to my uncle who is like my dad, he helped raise me and has been a big influence in my life. He lives in another country and we don't speak often but I love him so much and he is the funniest, nicest man in the world!
My husband presented a new smartphone for me.  I was so happy. 
I woke up at 6.00AM to complete my yoga which i normally do at 9.00AM
a message from my new office that you are appointed,the message was made me so happy.
I went to do some exams at the ophthalmologist to see how I followed my vision, after the operation, everything was perfect until the times.
My husband made me happy
At a doctor's appointment a couple of weeks ago, where I was pretty sure that I would have to get a certain painful blood test afterward, I was told that I would *not* have to get the blood test on that day, and that it was to be delayed for a month and a half, until the end of next month.
I was sharing pleasures with my wife and we both had an O at the same time! The extreme pleasure lasted on a few seconds but the memory of it and residual will last a life time.

Getting very silly with old friends on the Saturday night, and laughing way too far into the night, at a professional conference.Picking the most tasty tomatoes ever from our garden, grown from the seeds of the most tasty tomatoes we grew last year, and having so many, we had to make sauce.
My daughter who working in an IT company from my nearby state usually comes to my place for only two days in a month came last month home and stayed with me for 6 days due to some work at home facility and this was the very very  happy moment.
Last month i received a increment in my job and i was happy and i took my family for outing and had dinner with my family and i really enjoyed  very  much.
the happiest moment of my life. was when i went camping with my freinds at fairy stone. at sunrise i woke up and walked into the woods. and seeing the sunrise over the lake sitting there on that rock was the most beutifull peacefull moment of my life. this is one of the best memorable in my entire line till date.
Outing which I made with my boyfriend made me happy.
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
My wife gave birth to a baby boy and this made me happy.
I went on a romantic date with my girlfriend.
My girlfriend and I played video games and went out to dinner and a movie last weekend.
I called my mother long distance and she told me she was coming to visit and stay with me for a month, I haven't seen her in a year.
I got a Nintendo Switch for my birthday and I've been spending my free time playing video games with my fiance!
I finally made the time to get my athletic training certification. 
past month i went a vocation from my office.all of our office colleges are attended the vocation.we all went by a bus.we played games and danced in the bus.it was interesting and very happiest moment in my life.we all enjoyed lot.
Last month was my girlfriend B'day, we went out for shopping and had fun at amusement park. I gifted her Marshmallows shaped in heart and a Platinum ring. We discussed and planned about our marriage date on this same day. All these are still keeping me happy. 
past month i went a vocation from my office.all of our office colleges are attended the vocation.we all went by a bus.we played games and danced in the bus.it was interesting and very happiest moment in my life.we all enjoyed lot.
I found my lost cat.  My cat had left one morning and didn't come back.  She has been missing for months.  The other day I was looking at possibly adopting another cat and found my missing cat at the humane society as an adoptable pet!  Couldn't believe it!  So happy!
past week i went trekking with my friends. It was a pretty good experience
I was happy this weekend when I had a quesadilla bun cheese burger with tots for din-din.
Someone bought a piece of art from me.
She feared seeing them happy again, knowing she really was nothing more than a disposable stand-in until they were able to be together again.
Last Sunday my family and I went to the Honolulu Aquarium for their birthday and had a great time with the kids events and looking at all the fish and sea life.
When my 4 year old son wiped my tears consoling me after I had an arguement with my spouse
I bought tickets to go see Metallica!
The moment that has made me the happiest so far was the day I went to see Beauty and the Beast with my best friend and her family.
My happiest moment when everyday my mom kiss me on my head.
My happiest moment when everyday my mom kiss me on my head.
My happiest moment when everyday my mom kiss me on my head.
I went to the hotel with my friends. That moment I am so happy.
My happiest moment when everyday my mom kiss me on my head.
Buying a new PS4.
THE HAPPIEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE FOR THE PAST MONTH WAS GETTING MY MASTER DEGREE FROM ANNA UNIVERSITY...
Learning blender animation software.
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE IS GETTING THE U.S. VISA CAN'T FORGET ANYWAY THAT MOMENT IN MY EXISTENCE.
I went to meeting of science exhibition..  It is very useful to see..
my happiest moment in my life is getting the U.S visa can't forget anyway that moment in my existence.
we got a puppy dog 
Buying new phone from my earned money.
MY HAPPINESS MOMENTS IN MY BROTHER BIRTHDAY FUNCTION.BECAUSE  A HAPPINESS MOMENTS FOR MY LIFE .

Lying in the bed listening to the rain outside. 
Listening to old songs and being able to remember all the lyrics.
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE IS GETTING THE US VISA CAN'T FORGET ANYWAY THAT MOMENT IN  MY EXISTENCE.
meeting a childhood friend after 5 years
Lying the bed listening to the rain outside Listening to old songs and being able to remember all the lyrics
Lying in the bed listening to the rain outside.
Listening to old songs and being able to remember all the lyrics.
Lying in the bed listening to the rain outside. Listening to old songs and being able to remember all the lyrics.
Lying in the bed listening to the rain outside. Listening to old songs and being able to remember all the lyrics.
I became sick the other day with a stomach bug. My wife stayed home to do anything i wished. That made me so happy.
Lyling in the bed listening to the rain outside.
Listening to old songs and being able to member all the lyrics.
last month i got a new mobile is my happiest moment 
I became sick the other day with a stomach bug. My wife stayed home to do anything i wished. That made me so happy.
  I AM GOING TO MY COUSIN MARRIAGE IT'S A VERY COLOR FULL  DAY.IT'S A HAPPY MOMENT IN MY LIFE
The idea of starting a business
Our garden gave us brinjals which we made into curry. We loved it.
When I went for dinner to a nice restaurant with my girlfriend.
Lyling in the bed listening to the rain outside.
Listening to old songs and being able to member all the lyrics.
PAST MONTH AM GOING TO ECO PARK.IT IS VERY ENJOYABLE TO MY FRIENDS AND VERY HAPPINESS IS BEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE.
Lying in the bed listening to the rain out side.
Listening to old songs and being able to remember all the lyrics.
I played pokemon go with my friends.
The general manager came into my job and told me what a great job I had been doing.
The Golden State Warriors beat the Oklahoma City Thunder mighty handily.
i got a new pet 
THE OFFICE TRIP HELD AT LAST WEEK MADE ME HAPPY.THE EACH AND EVERY MOMENT THAT WE SPEND IN OUR TRIP IS UNFORGETTABLE.
My happiest moment is last month I went to tour with my friends.And we enjoyed a lot in that tour.That is my happiest moment.
Receiving a raise recently, my first paycheck came in last Thursday, was able to pay down a considerable amount of credit card debt
My mother's health report came and she is all good
I celebrated my father's birthday first time at last month and i gave a surprised party that makes my father to be very happy that moment is my happiest moment on last month.
I got a new phone. It's so beautiful. 
I received my IRS TAX REFUND
Yes. Last month we have went Singapore for family trip. Yes we enjoyed lot and visited many places and had different foods. Lot of sea foods. Especially me and my brother likes fishes very mush. So we had lot of fishes. Really unforgettable movements of my life. 
I was happy because I got the news I will be going for 'on the job' training this year. 
I got a promotion
I bought a new car
My son presented me his  fiancA(c)e 
I got to meet my favorite celebrity in person. This moment was really special and I felt really happy about it. We live in the same town and I waited to meet him for so long now. 
FAMILY MEMBERS ARE GO TO Year cude AND ENJOY THE FAMILY MEMBERS IS HAPPY OF THE MOMENT
Meeting up with my nephew and niece at my brother's home was awesome, we had fun together.
I hung out with my friends a lot.
I went to the movies with some friends.
I got golden employee award certificate in my office for my performance. 
In the past month, I got a offer letter from one of the prestigious firm that I was looking to join. This made me very happy.  
I went to the beach and enjoyed the beginning of the spring with my family.

I met with my nephews and we played cricket.
Me and my wife's 23rd anniversary was just last week. It made me feel really good to take her out and celebrate with the best woman ever.
The executive manager of the company I work for visited me at my work place. She expressed satisfaction with my work. I thought about it whole day and felt happy.
My father gifted me the latest bike last week which i was eagerly wanted, very happy.
I won first prize in a national level project competition which made me really happy.
It was my 10th wedding anniversary last month, the special gift from my hubby was a silk saree and a diamond earring.
I Was Very Happy to Know that my son completed his graduation with Very Good Marks.
I just received a new part time job for some side money and that comes with some nice perks at a golf club.
I went to karaoke with my friend, I was really bad at singing but I still had a good time because its a lot of fun singing to your favorite songs.
I play a game called In The Groove and I entered into the 13 blocks now passing about a dozen.  This is probably my biggest achievement as the physical challenge is quite demanding.
Last Sunday my sister born a baby and I got new relation as Uncle, that is my happiest moment for me.
I found out this week that I will be getting a bonus at work in April
I adopted a cat.
My sister sent me a 2lb bag a past month and they're just about gone. Fat free, delicious and healthy.
LAST MONTH DURING MY BIRTH DAY I WENT TO AN ORPHANAGE AND GAVE GIFTS TO THE CHILDREN .THE CHEERING OF THAT KIDS MADE ME HAPPY.
Lying in the bed listening to the rain outside. Listening to old songs and being able to member all the lyrics.
I got to to Philadelphia to see my brother and his family and I felt amazing. 
My son saying he loves me
Celebrating my dad & stepmother's 2nd anniversary, thinking back to their wedding day.
Yesterday I came home from work and my daughter, who is 6 months old, smiled the biggest smile I've ever seen.
Getting a job offer from a very important company.
In last last month getting a mini pig has made me happy.
my mom came for a visit
I got to spend the day visiting with my nieces. 
I got a free donuts coupon.
Recently, I got to know about him. I read his answers and they amazed me. I got answers to my two difficult questions I have been exploring throughout my life. I got happy reading his answers. That is what I am fascinated about humans. They are right in their views because god ponders heart. he wrote all he had gone through his life and they were great life lessons. Knowing about this  answers made me happy recently. 
Well, it was when my sister told me that she is pregnant and that I will become an uncle. 
In the past month I was happy when I finger painted with my 1 year old niece. 
Girlfriend Makes me Happy
the past month my son got married, I felt very happy and was one of my beautiful days , I was a strong feeling and It was wonderful 
I delivered the project successfully last month. I got appreciation from the customer. That was a great moment.
My girlfriend and I were walking past month around a park at night playing Pokemon Go. It was dark out and we were looking at a covered area that had a picnic table on it, considering bringing the kid down for a picnic the next day.
I finally sold my caravan.
Nailing a perfect cup on my v60 brewer
It made me happy to get a promotion at work to full-time.
Went to my parents place after very long time
I went to a spiritual place in my neighbor state which was one of my favorite moment 
in the past month we went to visit one of my friend's kid b'day party. it makes me happy.
Went downstairs and cuddled with my cat on the couch watching TV.
When I  heard first cry of my grand son. 
This past month my family and I went on a week long cruise. 
Having the chance to finally proper leash train my dog so taking her on walks is easier.
I went to the pet shelter and adopted a new dog!
I adapted healthier eatings habits over the past month. 
When i went to kulu manali trip with my hubby & friends
I met my college friends today. We had a great time spending at the favourite restaurant. We had all the varieties of dishes
My happy moment was when I was with my friends at games night and we were all having a good time together.
The completion of my Latin language course 
I purchased a New Computer for my office use.
I got a new puppy.
I was working in a movie as assistant director. After 2 years of hectic schedule, shooting was finally wrapped up.
I worked very hard to complete my work for the academic week before Spring Break, and then I was able to have a nice week off to go on a short trip with my wife and son, free of distractions. The first day we left for the trip was exciting and fun.
Finally settling on a permanent home to raise my family.
Went on a weekend trip with some friends.
Got selected in my dream multinational company
My brother coming to visit us for St. Patrick's Day.
bought a new laptop for myself, which made me happy.
It is most memorable moment is when i saw my  best friend. i see her on last ten years.i never thought that i see her again. i never forget this.
I was quite happy when I took a long weekend trip to the country with my partner.
Started really working on my business
I am happy because I currently live in a shelter and I am unemployed and I was just offered a full time job. I have been unemployed for over 6 months and I lost all of my possessions. I will have to start my life over from the beginning.
When I found leftover change in the pocket left forgotten for some time.
I have been fasting lately and i've lost 8 pound in 5 days.
An event that made me happy in this past week was losing 2 pounds. While to most that does not seem like a lot it puts me down to 186 and closer to my goal weight of 170 pounds. This event makes me happier because i am finally feeling good about myself and good about setting a goal and reaching it.
Last month my land was sold at high rate which I did not expect. This sale made us to regain our lost happiness
It was nice enough to go outside for a walk. 
Going out to drink with my friends made me happy.
my wife was in her ninth month 
It made me happy to find out that we are getting raises this year at work.
I was happy to buy one of my favorite artist's new album that was just released.
I was happy last night because I finally got to see a film that I have wanted to see for months and I loved it. 
My husband getting a lot of work done on our new house 
i have got new job with my expected salary
i helped my friend who was once trapped in domestic violence. i motivate her to raise her voice and now she is living happily. 
I went to visit my granny's place in my native. I went there to spend my weekends. The environment was very good and I was happy to see that. 
my hubby give a surprise gift for our anniversary
SPENDING DAY WITH FRIENDS
I was delighted that my daughter was selected in a lottery by the high school of her choice and awarded acceptance to this special digital arts academy.
i brought a new car
I was accepted into an MBA program 2 weeks ago.  I've been lazy about schooling since I got my bachelor's, so it made me happy I finally applied and got accepted.
i went to meet my home town last week
My cat comes and sleeps in my arms every night. 
I went to see the show South Pacific with my wife.  I have always enjoyed Broadway shows, but had never gotten a chance to see South Pacific until my wife surprised me with tickets to the show. It made me very happy and the show was a pleasure to watch.
A group of friends that went on a cruise last year had a reunion a couple of weeks ago to share laughs and pictures. 
I was happy that my parents came home from vacation.
I cooked a dinner that I was excited to make and my family complimented me on it.
Last weekend I played Wii and drank wine with my boyfriend for a few hours Sunday night. We just acted like kids and were so in love.  It was a great moment looking back on it.
i received a gift from my friend on  my birthday 
I went to near by city i met my old friend. He was studying 20 year back with me. I lost his contact but i searched him in many ways accidentally i met him i was very happy and i continue his friendship. 
A couple of weeks ago, I had a week off from work and took the time to knock a lot of things off my to do list.
I was notified that a freelance project I applied for last year was finally scheduled to begin this month, and that I am part of the team.
Seeing some kids play around outside and just having fun
i made a chicken biriyani last week
My son got the gold medel in chess competition
I played a really great tennis game.
I completed a computer programming course.
Somebody placed a large order at my online store.
I was invited to my coworker's party.
I was called to play the keyboard in Sunday church service when I visited my home town last month.
Seeing my grand daughter and taking her for a walk. 
I ran a 10k race and finished in a new personal record time.
Actually two weeks back, I was verymuch successfully in flying a paper kite into the sky after attempting manytimes and failing, so finally i did it and crossed that barrier and i was very much happy.
We went on a family vacation to the virgin islands.
I heard that I had another job to go to.
Seeing a 3D ultrasound of my baby at 37 weeks made me happy. 
I made up with a friend.
I went to the beach with my grandchildren.
I had a lovely time cooking a new meal with my partner.
My eleven month old handed me an object for the first time.  She was so pleased with herself for handing me something and was grinning excitedly.  She kept doing it repeatedly and I thought it was so cute.  
My young daughter was invited by her violin teacher to join a youth symphony for next season.
I installed and APFC (Automatic Power Factor Control ) Pannel and was applauded by every one for my efforts.
I got to meet up with my girlfriend for the first time for 1 month.
When I published my fourth novel, because I've always wanted to be an author but never thought I could actually write a book.
I think my happiest moment in the last month was when I got to see old friends from college for a weekend
The day I went to my daughter's clarinet concert. 
Spending time with my daughter and watching her grow has made me so very happy the past 3 months.
My dog makes me happy everyday.
I was very happy when my husband came home with beautiful, expensive new speakers for my office as a surprise.
I made cookies with my grandson.
I got my heat bill yesterday, and I saved over $100. The bill was $147.00!
My Son studied BE Engineering course and completed without arrear and selected in Campus interview and now working in Software company. I really happy with this moment. I really very much satisfied on my life.
My boyfriend told me he loved me.
I received an unexpected (and large) bonus for some work I did a few weeks ago.
I made an exceptionally wonderful meal for our dinner.
Last night, my parents got a new puppy.
Having a nice, relaxed dinner with my boyfriend last night made me happy.
going camping with my friends
A patient I have been treating for infertility for nearly a year emailed me last Saturday to tell me she is pregnant!
This past month, I celebrated my 31st birthday and had a wonderful party to celebrate with friends and family.
My wife finally got a job that utilizes her degree.
This morning my 8 year old son asked if he could wear a shirt and tie to school today. When I asked him why, he said I feel like a businessman when I dress up and I work harder. Cant argue with that. The 2nd grade just got a businessman in class today. 
My boyfriend and I got to dog sit for a family he works for while they were out of town and I love dogs so it was awesome.
I got my vintage Twin Reverb amp repaired.
I was happy when I binge watched a television series that I really like.
Skiing with my girlfriend, conquering our first mogul
I received a new raise at my job.
I went to dinner with my girlfriend
It made me happy to see my four year old daughter dance around outside holding an umbrella. 
I went with my girlfriend down to Miami to have a relaxing weekend.
i buy new smartphone
I went golfing with my good friend.
I was happy yesterday when my daughter picked out a dress and the store to wear on Easter and picked out shoes to match and wanted to try them on and walk around the dressing room like a princess.
I went to the dr. yesterday and got good BP numbers.
I was put on a new inhaler to replace the one that wasn't working for me.
My family and I laughed while eating dinner.
 bought my desired bike in my own salary and that was a fruitful moment in my life which i will cherish forever. i had to save money for almost a year in-order to buy. 
I was very happy when my  husband and I had an entire day to ourselves to go explore downtown Dallas one Saturday.
We took our one year old daughter to visit family in San Antonio for spring break, and as part of the trip visited the San Antonio Zoo where she loved feeding the giraffes.
1.  I got a delivery of a piece of furniture that I had been waiting a month for.  


I am happy when i purchase a new vehicle 
I learnt that my girlfriend got accepted in an art school
I had a very good session with a client. 
Coming home from work and spending time with my dog. Taking her out to the park and playing fetch.
When I came to know that my mother's spine operation in Bangalore which was critical has been successful after waiting for 8 hours in an anxious state in Kolkata.
The thing that made me happiest in the past month was the fulfillment of my lifelong dream of purchasing a condo on the beach.
making a tea for my mom who gone through surgery recently.
Snuggling in bed with my cats 
I got to go to my son's cub scout meeting for the first time tonight. 
i was given a worthy increment in my salary for which i have been demanding for long.
I was happy when one of my students told me that I was their favorite teacher and they never wanted to leave my class. 
The moment when I visit an old age home. This is one of the happiest moments in my life. In Jan 2017 me and my job mates had been visited an old age home for the purpose of charity. This made me very happy.
I was happy to look forward to having my child home for Spring Break so we could spend time together.
I have been trying to track down the new video game console, the Nintendo Switch for a month, I FINALLY found one after a great customer service experience led me to one. 
I was able to use my health knowledge when I volunteered for a health group as their guest speaker. 
I went on a Short Road Trip with my friends and we had a lot of fun.
Going home to see my family after being gone for college.
i get a raise on my job after waiting for 2 years
My children presence
In the past month I feel so amazed and happy for my job promotion. It was Monday morning, when my boss told me for a meeting and I thought it was a very important topic, and knowing that it is about my promotion. I was promoted to a new Senior Lead in our department and luckily, my salary is increasing. I am so blessed and happy.
it made me happy when i offered an old friend of mine a place to stay. she was having a hard time and living with roommates she didn't know very well. she was also having various other problems like her car falling apart, her son being taken away from her, some drinking and drug problems, etc. i knew i didn't have to help her but i wanted to, it made me feel happy and proud to lend a helping hand and invite her into our home. many people influence your life and i wanted to be a positive influence for her. 
Surprised role change as I was recently promoted 6 months back.

Again I got Promoted to next role with 30% hike in my salary on 17th Feb.
My brother came to visit from out of state.
When I finished landscaping the front yard with my wife helping me.
Yesterday March 28th when I participated in a company competition and for the first time in 5 years I won a trip for 4 people to Miami
My son is in the 8th grade. he studies very hard but never tops the class. This time we all were praying that he should top his class. Our prayers paid off and the results showed that he had topped the class. i was very very happy
The most difficult part to play in a life is a relationship and I found myself playing in the family very well for a day last month.
Last week we celebrated our little girl's birthday and spent some time together with family members at our religious place.
I relaxed in the sand of the beach of Florida last month and it was great.
I heard from a good friend who has been severely sick that I had not talked to for awhile.
In the past month, I received a position at work.
Two weeks ago I had a barrel racing competition; I thought I was going alone, but my family surprised me and showed up. 
My daughter and her family, who live in Colorado, told us that they are planning to move much nearer to us in April! Yay! 
I bought a plane ticket.
It made me happy when I got on the scale and lost 6 pounds.
I got a small raise at my job.
My oldest 2 sons made the A Honor Roll, they've always been on the B Honor Roll, but I was over the moon when they made the A Honor Roll. 
Last month it made me very happy to buy a new cell phone with my own money.
I was struggling with a problem with my elderly mother.  As my wife and I were discussing this unhappy problem, our 8-year old son came up and gave us both hugs just because he wanted us to feel better.
I was happy to see some friends while they were on vacation. 
My husband sizing my wedding ring for me made me very happy because I had not be able to wear it for awhile
My baby girl smiled a non gas-related smile for the first time.
We went cross country skiing.
my son school annual function
Went out on a great first date to dinner and movies.
I am happy when I teach art to my students.
When i was at work last week i had finished all of my work early in the day. My boss was leaving for the day around noon and noticed that i was finished with my work. So he told me i could leave work early and i spent the whole day relaxing. 
After many meetings, phones calls, and emails, I finally got my son accepted to an amazing private school for children with Autism!
I was happy when our friend came over to help us with a project.
I was happy that I went to Universal with some friends. 
When my son made straight excellent and A's on his report card, being slightly Autistic a great accomplishment.
My father-in-law came home safely from the hospital after open heart surgery.
Last month my Uncle and Aunty had visited my house after 3 years. They took me around many places and we went shopping. They took care of me every moment they were with me. They have always been very close to me all these years of my life. Those are memorable moments.
Three weeks ago, I received my Certified Public Accountant license.
I came home exhausted after a long day at work, and my 2 year old ran to me and hugged my leg and yelled "Daddy!".
past month one day i go to temple at the time one poor old man very hungry ,and i ask details i give food for the  old man.
What made me happy this month was seeing my little brother go to prom. 
I moved out of my old apartment and moved into my first house that I have bought.
I was accepted for an Amazon Mechanical Turk survey that pays $50.
I started my own business and reached my first goal.
My parents decided not to move and will be staying here.
I felt very happy while walking along the river yesterday because the river was so clear and full and running so fast over the rocks. I loved it.
Getting my own internet, I've been sharing internet with my neighbor and it did not work well but now that I have my own internet I'm happy.
My son played his guitar with the band at church.
My son's family birthday party last Saturday made me happy. 
We went to a Literacy Night event at my son's school. My son was well-behaved; my husband came with me, even though I thought he might not; our son's teacher seemed to be very proud of our son's reading skills, and very happy that we came to the event. She thanked us for coming, and for "all the other things" we've done to help the school, which was very nice to hear. My husband even commented, "I think Mrs. [A] really likes us!" afterward.
I reunited with some old close friends whom I hadn't seen in about a year.
A recent happy moment was when my friends and I went to rent a house in Malibu and got to bond with one another. 
Listening to my granddaughter sleep and talk in her sleep.
My first happy moment in the past month was my daughter finally learning how to hold her own head up. She's only a couple of months old, but watching her grow has made me so happy and proud.
I have been attending archery classes and it gives me utter happiness.
I was offered a new job.
Last week I went to the rental office and took the next step to getting my apartment. 
Catching my limit on fish on a day that I didn't expect to catch much, if anything.
I bought a new car.
I went hiking with my daughter and her dog over the weekend. 
I am pregnant and will be having the baby in about 3 weeks. I finally got paint on the walls in the nursery and the furniture set up in that room. It was so exciting and refreshing to finally see the space that my little boy will live set up and in order. It lent to a feeling of hope and excitement for his coming arrival.
It made me happy that my wife found out that she was pregnant.
What made me happy was, going to the Saint Patrickas Day parade with my family and then the after party at the friendly sons of shillelagh.
I went to my sister's house to celebrate my birthday. It was a very happy moment
I was happy because my daughter was accepted to be part of her school math bowl competition. 
I purchased a barely-used car within the last month that was much newer than any previous vehicle I have ever owned.
I got a new personal record in an Olympic weightlifting movement. 
What made me happy in the past month was hearing my daughter say "mama" to me and look me in the eye with a smile while saying it.
In the past month, I had the opportunity to interview for a new job, which told me that my resume can still get bites from potential employers and that made me happy. 
It made me happy to receive a call from my brother, who is in another country that I had not heard in a long time, told me that he is very well and that I am going to be uncle.
I was dropping off my son for a sleepover. He was really excited to go. I dropped him off, he got out of the car, then quickly turned back to me to give me a kiss and then said, "I love you so much!" and ran up the drive way.  He is 12.
In the past month, it snowed here and, if there's one thing I love about the Winter, it's the snow. 
Well I went up north on a trip with my gf didn't have much money and she wanted to go to the casino, 
I went this being my 3rd time ever in a casino she gave me 10 bucks i messed around and lost most of so i went and took out 40 bucks played a cpl machines and got all my money back and hers an made some money so that made me very happy.
Past month, I got a gift from my girlfriend a Laptop that made me happy.  I thought of purchasing one laptop and she gave as a gift that moment make me happy.
I was very happy sitting down to a home-cooked meal with a group of good friends on Saturday night.  
On February 23rd 2017 morning my lovely wife delivered my first male child and heard his crying voice and also felt so happy.
I joined a union
I received a positive employee review and was given a salary raise at my last review session.
I visited my best friend at her school on St. Patrick's day.
One Month ago, one morning just beyond daybreak, I was snug in my bed, blankets tucked under my chin, sleeping the sound, deep, dreamless, sleep that comes upon a mother of two toddlers. When, suddenly, my left eyelid was peeled back from my eyeball. It's a happy day!a 
Last month i and my family members celebrates a function which is known as Attending new home.
Yesterday, I cleared all my pending tasks such as buying house stuffs etc., then i could spare time for myself. I would like to do this frequently.
Today, a friend of mine gave me a coffee table for my living room for 100% free. I have been hunting for one for a long time!
When I opened the package and saw a plastic bag full of green nugs hiding inside.
partying all night with some old friends was one of the happy moments
My family and I took a vacation to Disney World. We spent a week in Orlando and went to each of the parks plus visited with relatives who live near there.
I had a 3 hour conversation with my ex-girlfriend.
I was happy when I got my driver's license renewed. It had been months since they were expired.
I managed to run for more than 10 minutes!
My favorite soccer team win a competition
My granddaughter called me to thank me for the books I sent her. 
I got a job, my dream job in Bengaluru.
My oldest daughter scored highest on a school project
I had an interview for a dream job
I started a romantic relationship with my best friend.
Organizing a road trip to visit friends in Chicago and Toronto.
After many years, I earned my Doctorate Degree in Seismology.
I was really happy on Saturday when I visited a group of friends that I haven't seen in over 3 years.  The whole afternoon was fun.  It started about 1:30 until about 5:30 PM.  We were really comfortable with each other, catching up on our lives, laughing and eating good food.  The flow was great.  Each person had a chance to share and ask questions.  We mingled well and just enjoyed our time together.  I couldn't believe I hadn't seen them in years!  It was a very easy, fun afternoon.
I was able to get a raise at work.
When I got tickets to fly to Amsterdam,to meet my kids again.
one month ago, one morning just beyond daybreak, I was snug in my bed, blankets tucked under my chin, sleeping the sound, deep, dreamless, sleep that comes upon a mother of two toddlers. When, suddenly, my left eyelid was peeled back from my eyeball. "It's a happy day!a
I visited my best friend and spent the whole weekend with her. 
LAST MONTH ONE OF MY CLOSE FRIEND GOT MARRIED ,AFTER LONG TIME WE MET MY SCHOOL FRIENDS IN THAT FUNCTION
One of my aunt was hospitalized for surgery. Her surgery was a success and she was discharged in the last month. She is recovering now and i am very happy to see speedy recovery.
Met an old high school friend during my business trip to Bengaluru.
Being outside in the gorgeous, cloudless blue sky day and feeling the cool breeze on my face. 
Last week I met my childhood friend after a span of 20 years ! It was a moment of joy for me !
I celebrated my fifteenth wedding day with my spouse, family, friends and neighbors.
My stepson decided to love with us after he completes high school in two months.
I completed my taxes.
My wife give me a watch as gift. I have greatly enjoyed in my life
Itas true that these two feelings are mutually exclusive, you just canat feel one way while feeling the other. Thatas a big reason to lean towards being happier more of the time.

It can be nearly impossible to go from angry to happy, so you're just looking for the thought that eases you out of your angry feeling and moves you in the direction of happiness. It may take a while, but as long as you're headed in a more positive direction youall be doing yourself a world of good.
My husband and I went to Florida to visit our daughter.
I brought an used car at a fair rate last week.
What made me happy this past month was passing my PGCert one which is the first hurdle to completing my PhD. 
My friend and I went to the beach when I was in town visiting, and sitting on the sand, listening to music, the ocean, staring up at the clouds was the happiest day this month.
When I watched Dave Chapelle's new comedy series.
WHILE I GOT MARRIED 
My husband got approved for disability so we have more money coming in.
My Daughter secured first prize in her schools drawing competition
I had experienced a technical error during an online qualification test, and this caused me to fail, but a week later I got an email thanking me for noting the problem and granting me the qualification.
Recently I stood up for myself and addressed a work situation involving a co-worker who was passive-aggressive towards me for some time.
This past month I received a promotion and a raise.
One of my students hugged me at the end of a lesson and said "When I grow up, I want to be you!"
Hurray ! It was the best moment ever... Went to trip with my family and friends.. lots of fun..its a water resort and surrounded by  beautiful natural resources... its treat to eyes and heart melt with happiness.. best moment ever. 
We found out that we will be moving later this year.
I was so happy thinking about going to Memphis, seeing Graceland and going to New Orleans on Friday for two weeks.
The girl I like reciprocated my love.
My friends came over for dinner and we laughed until 10:00 pm.
I was happy when I bought new furniture.
I was happy when my son participated in his hockey All-star game.  
aLong ago, men went to sea, and women waited for them, standing on the edge of the water, scanning the horizon for the tiny ship. Now I wait for Henry
we cousins had a get together at one of my cousins home and we had a nice dinner gossip dance etc 
i had been home stuck due to my ocd , the one day it rained really heavy and it continued till night with brief pauses included, but the rain has always made me happy or cheered me up so that day i saw my friend play football in the rain and i finally went out and when i ran in the rain for a few moment i dont know why but i felt content and happy.
What made me happy in the past month was the small accomplishment my daughter with Down syndrome made in her gymnastics class over the past 30 days. She attends once a month and has started showing signs of regression just overall which is typical for some people with this diagnosis as they age.  
A girl I babysit for drew me a picture. 
I was walking with my boyfriend along a lake, in the sunshine, and talking about our pleasant memories. 
One of my classmates who I am not close friends with offered to give me a ride home, which made me happy.
My boyfriend was accepted into his top two choices for graduate school in our top two city choices, Northeastern in Boston and University of Denver in Denver.
Watching my son play at the park yesterday
When I took a cruise to the Bahamas 
I made it to the top of a mountain that tested my abilities as a hiker.
I decided I would be a good time in my life to get a puppy.  I sat down and did a bunch of research and thought a Labrador  Retreiver would be a good fit for the family. Then I found a couple breeding them about 3 hours away and went for an interview.  The breeder thought we would be a great fit for the puppies and we were put second on the list for picking what puppy we would want.
I became happy when I was accepted to be able to take a summer course at my college.
Being with my family on the weekends. Going to my best friends house.
I went to french fest and did a wine tasting, the wine was good and the woman I shared a table with was nice and fun to talk to.

A job opening for a receptionist with the sheriff department was advertised two weeks ago.  The deadline for the application was Monday. I was happy for the opportunity to apply for this position.  I  have done this type of work before in other states and really enjoyed it.  Most jobs in this area are factory, retail or farm related.  (Our county has a high unemployment rate.) This opportunity also forced me to update my resume and references.  Nice to have this done and ready for the next opportunity.
I stated on my diet again and have lost almost 5 pounds in 3 weeks.
Going for my regular walk on weekends
Finally getting a new bed for my boyfriend and I's bedroom.
In the last month, I was happy while I was with friends celebrating St. Patrick's Day. I don't get to see this particular group of friends very often, and we got to hang out ALL day long! It was so refreshing to be around friends who have known me for awhile. There was a lot of laughter, and good memories made. 
The day in tamilnadu, when all my students get gathered in a place in my city, and fought against all over the world, its truly exciting and proud moment in my life, am still very happy about the protesters, also till my death.
My sister, my mom, and I shared a joke.  
We got a new house and a car.
Getting away from my home, wife & mother duties to go to a woman's retreat at the beach for the weekend.


I watched a video of Chuck Berry performing his hit song, "Nadine."
I was happy when I found out that my fiance was able to get her transfer to a new store allowing us to move cross country with some stability.
I am very happy because I have learned much about many things
Some packages I ordered and forgot about arrived a few moments ago.
I felt happy this month when I received great responses to a project that I worked very hard on at my workplace. I put a lot of effort into doing a great job and felt very pleased that it was appreciated by my superiors. 
Getting a job at Universal Studios new park.
When my daughter snuggled with me and told me she loves me at bedtime.
I got to spend a kid-free afternoon to do whatever I wanted to do.
VERY GOOD FAMILY AND CHILDREN
I dropped my children off at the gym childcare and got in a full workout without one of the childcare providers coming to get me because one (or both) of my kids was upset or misbehaving. 
I was very happy when I had internet access installed in my house again!
This month I celebrated spending three years with my wife by taking her back to the lake where I proposed to her. 
I was happy that I finished my beaded pig.  I finished it on Sunday night.  I first saw a picture from one of the bead magazine.  There was no instructions on how to make the pig.  The pig is just too cute and caught my attention so I try to make it just by looking at the picture.  It turns out really good.  I was proud of myself.  I even take some picture and put it up on Facebook.  
The date that I found out that we will be leaving to move to North Carolina
when got a add of a bike with low price and i brought that its good and mint condition
My son started to make more friends at college. I am grateful and happy at the same time. 


I was happy when I got my tax refund from doing my taxes.
Excellent results on school tests for my children.
In the past month I got my salary on time which was not happened earlier in my career life itself. It was very useful for me at the moment as I had very high demand for money at that time.
I hit a production goal at work.
I did something nice for a coworker by buying her a treat. 
I found several quarters on the ground at the car wash
I woke up in the morning and checked my pot that I had planted seeds in and two of the seeds had germinated and sprouted. 
I got a job in an MNC
I was very happy to see my husband after he was away working for the last two and a half months.
My wife lost a significant amount of weight and she looks so lovely.
I was able to purchase a full length mirror with two coupon codes and saved a ton of money, plus they gave me free shipping.
My best friend came to visit me from Austin
A moment that made me happy was when my daughter crawled for the first time.
I went to Laughlin, Nevada and had a very good time with a couple friends.
I went on a mini vacation to Vail, Colorado.
I enjoyed a steak dinner at a local restaurant.
The thing that has made me the happiest over the past month has been time with my grandson.  He has just turned one and is exploring and walking and loves his Gammy.  He is the light of my life and I adore him.  He has a big belly laugh and has just begun giving me kisses, which I just love.
The bakery had my favorite pastry.
I bought a new truck and RV so I could spend more time with my family.
Within the past month what made me the happiest was taking my son and husband to a Harlem Globetrotters game. It was exciting for me because I had never been to a Harlem Globetrotters game and the look of excitement on my sons face was priceless.

I'm learning about investing. I've been reading books, and trying my hand on Robinhood (a free trading app) with a small amount of money. I've recently found a bunch of free youtube videos from some of the world's greatest investors as well as a few college finance professors that post their lectures that are like a complete education in finance and investing. I already have the next couple of months booked out in the massive amount of content I've stumbled across.  It made me very happy to find both the amount and quality of information being provided for free.
I went out with some really good friends to the local bars and we had a lot of fun catching up.
Completing my private pilot's training program and FFA qualification.
Releasing the Box Elder bugs from there container yesterday.
Last month I made over 1200 dollars on mturk and that made me very happy.
My family came to visit and stayed for 4 weeks.  My sister and her husband , my aunt and her husband and my uncle. We went to the lake for 5 days , as well as other day planned events. It was the best month together.
When we had celebrated our son 9th birthday. We were together as a family and at a place that my son had loved. 
Every morning that I wake up and see my husband at the computer I am happy.  Starting in March of last year I was told on almost a daily basis that my husband was going to die.  He is still alive, and his health is constantly improving. I am thankful for every single day I have to spend with this wonderful man.
I had a good performance review with my manager.
we have attended my niece wedding ceremony.ony.we have enjoyed a lot and felt very happy for being the part of the wedding
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
I went to a Game of Thrones live concert experience last Thursday which made me extremely happy.
I received a long awaited phone call from my youngest daughter who lives across the country.
I have finally sold two of my boardgames, that way making some money.
My youngest son began to stand up holding on to an object. 
I got a chance to work for great day on a movie filming in my town starring 2 of my favorite actors. 
I got a salry hike
Being able to hangout with my neighbors before they move. 
My cat came through major dental surgery without dying on the table.
When my poster was accepted to an academic conference.
I have been really depressed lately and afraid to share it with my husband.  He has been very loving and supportive since I told him my feelings.  
I got my tax refund. It mad me happy because I am currently unemployed. I need the money for bills and food. However, it won't last long. 
Go to the amusement park with my family

I played a game with my son and husband. My son was winning and he was very excited each time he got a point. His smile and excitement made me happy.
I bought my brother the video game he's wanted for a while.
I was happy two weeks ago getting together with my best girlfriends and having a girl nights out.  
My neighbor and I went for ice cream cones yesterday. 
I stepped in the snow for the first time in a theme park located in Gramado, a tourist town in the South of Brazil.
I was finally able to pay off a business loan 2 weeks ago. I've been chipping away at the debt for over 3 years.
I won a graphic design contest last week.
My friends came over and helped me build my IKEA bed.
I made a vacation reservation to celebrate my child's birthday at Disney World.
Having sex with my girlfriend made me happy the past month.
During the past month, I returned to earning money online.
I went on a vacation to Cabo, it was my first time to Mexico and my first time flying on my own. 
Three weeks or so after its release, I was able to find a 4-pack of Founders' KBS, a rare beer especially in this part of the country.
I learned that my dad was finally getting a liver transplant after 14 years.
The weather has been weird here in Michigan this Winter and we needed to sell our motor home and the weather cracked and we had some warm days that were not supposed to be here.  It made me SO HAPPY to sell our motor home during this time of unseasonal warmth!  We were able to show it to a bunch of people and this beautiful young couple came and looked at it and bought it the next day.
During the past month, I managed to fix my gaming laptop, meaning I can actually play videogames again!
I got to leave the time-zone I was born in for the first time.
A week ago I had sex, and it was great!
Seeing my niece's face when I presented her with the princess castle cake I had made her.
My sister engagement am happy to see happy forever she doing to marry that person whom she loved
I discovered a lost photo album last week. Looking at the photos made me really happy
I was over the moon when my mum and dad finally saved enough money to buy replacement windows for thier home as they had badly needed them for many years.
Playing with my granddaughter and hearing her laugh!
My son played his first baseball game this month. 
It made me happy when I took my daughter to the hospital and she wasn't upset that we had to go there again.
When my daughter runs into my arms when I pick her up from school.
I am homeless and had used up all the allowed nights in a certain shelter.  I went to a different shelter and was very relieved to learn they had a bed for me, and that after my first week for free, I would not be turned away if I couldn't pay.  The streets are very dangerous here so I was very happy to have a safe place to sleep. 
Making a new friend at a conference.
I was playing golf and I got an eagle (i.e. 3 or a par 5) on the last hole and it was a great feeling.
learning & study make me happy
I was told that I was going to Las Vegas next month for a business meeting. Everything will be paid for and inclusive by my employer.
I went fishing with my family and caught a lot of fish.  My husband, father, son, and I all had a great time.  The weather was great, and the fish were really biting.
They had these unusually beautiful stamps by Oscar de Laurenta at the post office. 
My best friend told me that she is finally pregnant after months of trying!
When I met a girl who I feel very connected to in February. We connect mentally, emotionally, and spiritually. We share a lot of interests, a love for art and very similar taste in music and humor. 
I moved into my new house.
Last week, I took a day off and went on a three day weekend get away trip.
The kids and I visited the zoo with some friends.
Getting my tax refund made me very happy
On 23rd of that month, I was engaged with one girl and soon be married.
When my son wrote his full name meaning first and last all by himself.  I was so proud of him.
Meeting an attractive girl on the dance floor of a disco during a spring break trip to the Dominican Republic. 
Today I was able to take my kids outside to play in the sun for awhile and it felt amazing!
I received a day off on a weekday from work after working six days straight for several weeks.
I got to travel 4 hours away to meet up with some friends and celebrate one of their birthdays. We all just goofed off for a few days while we stayed at a hotel and had a mini birthday party.
I went to a large anime convention for a vacation.
We started building a new house 3 years before and then it has been stopped half-way constructed due to insufficient money. We are living in a village which is in rural area and our new house construction is at urban area where my father purchased a land 24 years before and my father expired 6 years back. After a big struggle, we again start the construction 4 months before and finished the construction last month and we are now at our new well-built house in an urban area. The moment when the opening ceremony of our new house was a happiest moment.
When my husband went in for a scan and we learned that he did not have cancer.
Today I got approved for Visa for UK
I was happy when I was able to visit my long term girlfriend for a week.
My 4 year old Daughter had a idea for a craft and followed through with it without any help.
I received a package in the mail I'd ordered the week before. It was a bench grinder I'd taken over a month to finally decide on. I finally made my decision and anxiously was awaiting the chance to try it out. 
I received an email from red cross saying that my blood is going to save lives in a hospital in state of florida.
I hung out with a friend I haven't hung out with in a while.
Some time spent petting and cuddling with my purring cat. 
My mother and sister flew across the country to visit me for a week
Last week I took a walk with my boyfriend and we danced in an amphitheater we found.
My significant other took me out for a romantic birthday dinner. It was a good day, a wonderful evening, and the glow lasted several days.
.
I enrolled in an online course and I couldn't be happier to continue my education.
This month what made me happy was sitting down and making a plan to get out of debt.
Spending the day with my 7 year old grandsona|he is so much fun!
I was happy when I finished a marthon the past month.
Vacationing with my four siblings in Laguna Beach.
I received a call from a relative I haven't heard in a while








Finding out I was approved for disability payments from social security. It was a relatively fast procedure, as I only had to appeal it once and the appeal decision was made in only one day. I was under the impression I could be waiting years and have to go before a judge. I feel very relieved.
When my 6 month old sat up by himself unattended for the first time.
Last night, I played my trumpet at this bar in Jersey City, NJ.  It was really fun, there was a great audience and everyone was really nice.
we attended the Nationals
When I walked into the coffee shop and saw that my friend was already there waiting for me.
This month was my birthday and it made me happy that my wife took me out for a romantic date. It made me feel special and loved by her and it was nice to get out. 
I won an auction on eBay for a 4th Generation, 64GB WiFi iPad. 
One of the things that made me happy this month is that I went to the doctor and heard all good news.
Throwing a surprise birthday party for my brother.
I got to visit my brother in his home town whom I haven't visited before and it was nice and warm there.
The day i went back home to stay after resigning on a night shift tiring work i felt relieved.
I was happy when I was playing video games online with a friend living far away.
I got a B on a VERY difficult exam.
I was happy when my son went to school after being sick for a couple of days because he's not very pleasant to me even on good days.
I was so happy when my son whos only 2 but will soon be three was accepted into a learning education program he has some difficulties and our pediatrician said this place was the best. I was so excited he passed his testing and reacted well with other students. 
Earning enough money to buy a trampoline for my kids.
I received a phone call from a long, lost friend.
I visited my mother on her birthday and we took a long walk together.
Enjoying the closing of a sale with my business partners in which we worked very hard to complete.
My dog makes me happy a lot. I love spending time with her and playing or just laying on the couch with her. She calms me down and makes my life a lot more fulfilling. 
When I received my Pre-Calc exam and it was easier than I thought it was going to be. I had been studying extra hard for the exam and it made me feel good that my hard work was paying off.
The thing that made me happy in the last month was finally finding a job it has taken me months to find a job and I finally found one. 
I was able to purchase all of the items that I needed for myself without having to worry too much about the cost
My son got the cast off his leg from when he broke it.
I was happy when I got a new fun part-time job.
I was skyping with my friend and she had her baby son on cam and he was smiling and laughing.
I have no skills in doing paperwork and computer stuff but neither did my parents, and they wanted to start their own cleaning company and I was "elected" (forced) to do all the paper work and computer stuff for the business. My father is a veteran so he wanted to have veteran status for the company. for the past 3 months I have been back and forth with the people from the VA about getting the status and submitting proper forms ( they are really about the details and they are really thorough. Anyway the business finally got Veteran Status 6 days ago and I was so happy when we finally got approved.   
The person I secretly love told me that they had feelings for me. 
It made me happy when I had my last Leadership clinical last week. 
I went to dinner with my Dad.
Yesterday i graduated from my masters degree.
visit my old school 
The first thing that made me happy was that i found a job.
When I was promoted 
I successfully defended my master's thesis.
Brother started gaming with me and my other brother.
I called the library yesterday; I forgot my flash drive and the librarian said she had already found it and that she would hold it for me.
I got a new book that I had been wanting for almost a year. 
I finished collecting sample parts to discuss during a customer visit next week.
I was incredibly happy and proud when my daughter transitioned from diapers to potty training almost overnight!
Seeing my Dad, who is a life long musician perform live with friends.  A very special evening that was full of happy emotions and amazement at his talent.  Loved telling everyone "that's my Dad."
It made me happy that my sister wants to try selling her handmade wood crafts, because I believe making your own income is the key to prosperity 
seeing my brother whom I have not seen for over a yer
I was happy when I finally got a package from a shipment after two weeks of waiting. 
Finding out I'm graduating with honors from the university.
the expression of happiness and enthusiasm that my grandmother had (while she was almost unconscious, in a hospital) when she heared that I was next to her 2 days before passing away.
One of my company employee whom I do not know came and wished me on the festival of Holi and put color on me.
Planning a surprise visit with my little sister.
I recently got news that a got a job offer for a position I wanted.
My happy moment on the past month, I went to science exhibition with my college student. Its fantastic and useful for everything. 
I recently went through a very traumatic experience. Although a crisis in my life, it was a turning point. It made me realize what is most important to me, my boyfriend.
The first thing that made me happy this past month was booking a family trip to Walt Disney World, We have not been there for 12 years.  
At my uncle's funeral it was rainy and windy all morning from the time we woke up until about 1pm when we took him to the cemetery where, upon arrival, the sun came out so bright they had to hand out water bottles until he was placed into his mausoleum then began to rain again.  
I was happy when my coworker at my new new job said I was a good librarian.
When I got the courage to go and print my pictures for my art work. I have social anxiety so little stuff are hard.
Yesterday was my birthday and usually I am not honored or get more than a general happy birthday from my family and friends.  But my boyfriend stayed up until one minute after midnight the night before just so he could say he was the first to wish me a happy birthday.  
What made me happy this month is making my son laugh. 
My beautiful wife and I celebrate are wedding anniversary. 
My girlfriend got drunk and was extremely mean to me.  She said some things that she shouldn't have due to the alcohol. When I came home from work the next day, she had a hand written card and dinner waiting to apologize.  It made me feel as though she truly cared about me, and I was grateful to have her.
Watching my daughter perform at the choral arts festival.
Last month i opened a online trading brokerage firm with my partner and i was very happy that we were running this business successfully and satisfied.
While volunteering with a local rescue dog shelter at an adoption event, I was directly responsible for 4 dogs finding new homes.
I was made very happy when I was working with my students and they were able to create and play their own music in about an hour.
I went camping
This past Friday i went rock-climbing with my husband. I was to do a lot most climbing then I expected!
I was very happy when I woke up on Sunday morning and my husband had already gone to the store, made breakfast, gotten me coffee, and taken out the trash.
The day when my sisters and I went shopping at a craft store and had lunch together.
I was very happy when I went on a bike ride. As I was riding my bike I saw a dog running across a semi busy street. I got closer to the dog and saw that he had a collar and leash on with no person. Luckily, the dog came to me after a bit of coaxing and I located his owner based on his license tag and I got him back home. 
This month I was very happy when i beat my own personal record, and was able to do 20 standard push ups.
My grandfather was examined for cancer and he was found to be cancer free.
Hanging out with my dad watching college basketball made me happy this weekend.
I got a raise at work.
I bought a new car.
I was accepted into graduate school.
today after my daughters nap i asked her if papa visited her, which my grandpa papa has passed away, and she said yes. it brought me great happiness and i still feel it now.
The moment I was accepted for a position.
For me the happiest moment in the last month was when I  was release from the hospital after I had my stroke. About 10 hours. Getting  home and sleeping in my bed with one of my dogs. 
. The day I enjoyed married my spouse. 
The day my son took his first step in the pool in swimming lessons.
I felt happiest this month, because I got married.
I went to native to visit my parents
I got a raise.
I reached a goal in a video game that I was playing.
I found out that merit raises have been approved for this spring.
My happy moment this month was having a patient of mine tell me thanks the day after I made her bed, after she had left the ward for a procedure.
My son was able to have some friends over for a birthday party.
I found out that I was promoted at work.
Passing my midterm exams
I went on an old fashioned date with a friend.
I was able to help a friend teach a church class on short notice and felt prepared and competent.
Watching the Star Wars Rebels show. I get to relax and enjoy it! It is a happy moment for me!
I bought a puppy. It is the first time I have ever had a pet.  I always wanted one.  I wanted a husky all of my life.  However, i recently decided after fixing eyes with a golden doodle i felt in love.  I got the pet and it is the best experience of my life.  She is so loving and loves to cuddle.  She keeps me happy every time i see her.
Yesterday I turned in my initial paperwork for retirement.
I started a new unit of business.
I became very happy when my boyfriend bought me a new car!
I reached out to a game dev community to see if anyone needed help brainstorming about the game they were creating. One of the people who responded and I got along really well, and we went back and forth about his game, and he really liked my ideas. He gifted me a few hundred dollars to build my own PC so that I could make games too.
I got a perfect score on a college exam. 
My daughter's first birthday party went really well.
I took my oldest son to his first concert, we saw an Irish punk band. He's 4 years old and absolutely loved it, and all the people were extremely supportive at the show. He even got to meet several band members and got drum sticks to take home.
I recognized that a sick pet was getting better.
I finally put together enough money to purchase a new laptop that I have been working toward for well over four months! It was an amazing fulfilling moment. 
One moment that made me happy this past month was taking my family on an outing to drink and hit golf balls.
In the last month, I received a promotion and a raise after nearly two years of hardwork and patience.
On tuesday I got a surprise birthday present.
I had many moments of happiness in the past month, but one that stands out is when my boyfriend came over and we just sat and cuddled on the couch as we watched tv.
I made bonus at work.
I read a wonderful book called Clothes, Clothes, Clothes...I love the book and I admire the woman who wrote it. I was happy to read the book and learn about this extraordinary musician.
I got promoted to a management position at work and got a raise along with it.
Thinking about moving to costa rica
I recently received a new golf putter that I had wanted for a while.
I was accepted to the Cell and Molecular Biology PhD program at the University of Pennsylvania.
I spent some quality time with my aging uncle who has Parkinson's disease and isn't doing well. 
My women being with her
My parents came to visit me for my birthday and my mother spent the day with me.
Hangout with my friends like window shopping
My little sister and her family came for a two week visit. I got to hold my baby niece for the first time! I am still happy over this event, as they have just left for their new home, so the joy has not left yet.
After a bad evaluation at work, my husband hugged me and told me not to worry; I'd find a new job.
I was able to spend time with a close friend I hadn't seen in a year.
I graduated from a medical program. 
When I found out my new favorite artist has a concert at the music hall in the town next to me in June. 
A happy moment that I had this past month was when my youngest son recalled some facts from our history class on his own without prompting, and he was able to hold a conversation with his classmates and teacher about the history facts.
What made me happy this past month was getting a gift from my mother and sister. It was a new phone case since my old one was looking in bad shape so it was exactly what I needed.
I watched my niece and nephew for a weekend. One night when I tucked them into bed my niece wanted hugs and kisses over and over again. Usually she gives me one of each and goes to bed. After three huge hugs and kisses she told me that she loves me so so much and couldn't wait to see me in the morning. As I was leaving her room she told me she had one more question. When I asked her what it was she said I love you so much! I couldn't help but smile for the rest of the night.
I was happy when I bought and received a new guitar. 
I was very happy when I purchased my brand new car, it is the first one I have ever owned.
I had a bad day at work, and after talking to my boyfriend about it, he surprised me by taking me out to my favorite restaurant. 
Today I, someone with only a bachelors degree and less than 2 years of gene editing experience, successfully explained a novel gene editing tool (eSpCas9) to a PhD with ~6 years of experience. I explained it in depth and with an understanding of how all Cas9 systems work that I simply didn't think I had in me, and I did not understand any of it just last week. 
I took my four children to the dentist and none of them had cavities I was so relieved and happy. 
My dog ran around all over the house, so excited to see me come home!
Being off work for a week and not having any commitments.
I was happy when my work hours were restored to full time (after being reduced across for budgetary reasons) and we even started getting opportunities for overtime.
The most recent thing that made me happy was going out to coffee with my sister and spending time catching up on the news with each other. 
I purchased a 40 inch flatscreen tv for my bedroom
I went to watch movie with a friend who is a cute girl, it was fun.  We jokes, and the movie was pretty entertaining.
I got hired after 2 years of unemployment.
My tax return was accepted.
Last week I was very happy to take a trip to visit my family.
I was happy when I found out a week ago Monday that I had matched into an orthopaedic surgery residency
Going to the beach and watching a large flock of pelicans floating in the ocean nearby brought a smile to my face. It was nice to be at the beach, and for several hours, not have to worry at all about the mundane everyday things that sometimes can cause stress. It was a beautiful day, a nice escape.
I completed the Bataan Memorial Death March, a 26.2 mile hike through the desert at White Sands Missile Range, NM. 
Once I finished my presentation at university everyone started clapping and lecturers praised for a great choice of words to send a message to the audience.
I was happy when my mom received news that she is still cancer-free.

Our son has learned a new skill. My wife and I have been practicing flash cards with our 2 year old and he has them down pat. The flash cards are a 4 year old level and he's only two.
There was a horrible storm that blew through our town, and miraculously no one was injured.
This morning, after a lot of very hard work, I was approved for my home loan and I will be closing on it tomorrow morning.
Several times in the past week my work has been complimented by upper management.
i bought a LED TV by replacing older TV. i am very happy to see programmes.
I was happy this past Sunday because for the first time in a long time my husband came to church with me and our son. 
One reason that experiences (and memories of those experiences) make us happier than material things is due to the entire cycle of enjoyment that experiences provide: planning the experience, looking forward to the experience, enjoying the experience, and then remembering the experience. Make your home a gallery of positive memories. 
When I watched the movie John Wick: Chapter 2.
What truly made me happy in the last month is that I finally got a job after endless searching for a year.
My baby started walking.
Literally, stopping to smell a beautiful rose while walking my dogs.
Shortlisted For IBM
On a Tour to Bangalore to visit my daughter and friends
I placed second in a swimming race in my city.
My spouse got a promotion
Successfully earned an internship opportunity for summer 2017 in my field of education.
I remember cooking a nice dinner for girlfriend last week. 
It  was my daughter's Grand Marriage with  Beautiful Amenities and Quality food
Today when i woke up, i got a call for interview, I have given interview and i got selected for senior position.
My four months old baby started to crawl and sit. It was very cool moments to watch, how he struggles to catch up each positions was lovely.
When I received a check I was not expecting, that made me happy.
i have went to swimming pool with my friends as a gang 10 members. really enjoyed lot. 
I met up with a good friend I hadn't seen in almost a year.
I finally got a call with a job offer.
when my friends came over to celebrate my 30th birthday
I went to a store to buy some fabric and a husband and wife were working there, I think they owned the shop. Anyway, I was looking for fabric for a project and I found the most awesome silk shantung in the perfect color. As I paid the husband asked me if I was from India. I'm not, but it's always nice when someone wants to adopt you into their ethnic group. When I finished paying he gave me a cute little bracelet for free. It was a really small thing but it made me smile.
After 7 years of my married life i had a chance to meet one of my best School friend with his family. He lives in Singapore. He traveled down to India for a vacation. He came home to meet me. We were talking about our school days. The playful days will never comeback. The school playground, cycle stand, canteen and mainly school auditorium where we used to have lots of fun. We went around the beautiful places where we used to often sit and chat. 
Bought a new mobile
I got a new job easily after loosing my old one.
I was so happy when we went to pick-up our son from his week long spring break visit with his grandparents.
Last week while walking home from work I cam across twenty dollars on the sidewalk. There was no one around and it made me happy to come across such a large amount of money.
There was a temple festival going on near my house, me and my wife visited there almost three days and we met many friends and relatives there, and the most happy thing for me is that two people watched me and my wife for a long time ( that we came to know only later), and they asked their mother who that couple is and they really look made for each other and their mother know me very well and she said about us.  This matter came to known only when my uncle visited their house and she told this thing to him and he all of a sudden contacted my mother and said this matter.  Hearing that matter we both became very happy and still that gives me good feeling.
I would like to talk about the event that I can still remember vividly regarding my success in the board exam. The moment I heard that I had been awarded a scholarship based on my performance in the board exam, I became the happiest man in the world. 
I was happy when my professor talked about new information in class.
Getting to see my family a couple of weeks ago was quite nice, since we do live a bit away from each other.
I won a contest at my job for top sales.
I came home last month. I saw Wendy. She was still waiting me. That things make me happy 
i got a government job in the last year i struggle lot of years for the job and i attended many exams and interview but in last year i get a that job that was wonderful moment in my life 
Mu son had a birthday arty.He is a 3 years old and give me the all happiness of the world
We have no child. but in neighbour have a cute baby. i can recognize how she is understand my feelings. i am really happy with that baby. 
I saw my sister after long days in our favorite place.
Last month 8th was my marriage anniversary. My husband surprised me with sudden gifts and party. i was so surprised and felt very happy on that day. The whole day my husband was with me and we spent the whole day outside eating, playing, watching movie. It was a memorable day to me.
I participated in a competition and I won the competition. 
There are many days in life that bring joy and pleasure but some days are the happiest and remain in our mind forever. These days are the reminders of the amazing time we have spent. The happiest day of my life is a visit to an orphanage. The happiness I felt that day is no match with any other day of my life.
I am happy because I finished my project successfully.
I asked a coworker out on a date and she accepted. 
I increased my monthly earning on Mturk.
i got the unlimited offer in Airtel.
My dad getting a good report from the doctor
I have been running a lot more 
I managed to sell lots of my artwork at local craft markets.
Finishing this term of school 
Being able to travel with my friends to Nashville, to experience something none of us had before.
Not being pregnant anymore has made me very happy.
My daughter gave me a hug, and cuddled with me. 
Two weeks ago I was nominated for "employee of the week."
What made me happy was going to the movies and seeing Beauty and the Beast.
I made $600 on mturk in one week. I was able to do whatever I wanted the entire week. 
I'm finally about to buy a car. My savings just got their few days ago. Now I'm looking. It's exciting.
I was happy this past month when my family and I went out to eat at the olive garden- it was a really happy and exciting time because I had not been to olive garden in 4 years and I really love their food.
Seeing a good paycheck
The library has been so impressed with my volunteering they have asked me if I want to take on additional responsibilities.
My son told me a very funny joke.
Finding out my lost keys were picked up and returned to the store for me to pick up.
Helping my friends move into their amazing new house and seeing their smiling faces made me happy
go to hotel,park,beach,cinema so enjoyed in the birthday celebration
I WAS HAPPY THEN THAT I WAS ABLE TO GO THROUGH EveRY  TRIALS I MET ON MY WAY TOday
An other event that happened this past month that made me feel really happy was when i was going through the star bucks drive through, on my way to work and when i got to the window the driver in front had paid for my morning coffee.
I went to a friends birthday party. I have known them for almost ten years and it is always fun to see them under such fun circumstances as a birthday.
Being able to spend time with my family has also made me happy this month because i rarely see them.
I had a good chat with my friend through twitter.
I got a bonus at my for $500.00 to buy whatever I wanted to buy without paying for a bill.
Earning a pay raise in my hourly wage at my job at marie calenders.
I was able to walk into a target and buy a Nintendo switch on launch day.
I dyed my hair a brand new color.
One thing in the past month that made me happy was that my husband bought me gravity boots; we had been going back and forth between getting a pull up bar for a while, because that's what he wanted, or an inversion table, which is what I wanted, but in the end he surprised me and got me gravity boots which are special boots to hang off a pull up bar so you're still upside down so I'm happy that he bought what he wanted but still took into consideration what I wanted.
I went to beach with my family last week.
I was able to help a relative with car accident expenses.
I finished a big project at work.
Getting my dog fixed.
I got a haircut that made me look 10 years younger.
I saw an young boy selling lemonade on the side of the road and it reminded me of my childhood. 
I bought several books for cheap that would allow me to study well for an upcoming test.
I bought a new cell phone with latest features and specifications.
I was treating my sons family to Sunday lunch and I caught my very intelligent 16 year old grandson off guard and made him laugh.
My husband made me dinner as a surprise, and we spent a nice evening together. 
My sports team won in overtime.
I was happy when I was able to get my prescription changed easily without having to schedule a doctor's appointment. 
A client congratulated me on my work
The day that my kids were busy and I got to go all by myself and eat a Tom's Gryo

I reached a weight loss milestone.
Our friend treated my husband and I to a nice steakhouse dinner and we had a really nice evening.
meeting old friend last sunday
My son got his report card last week and he did really well. His grades were much higher than last quarter and I couldn't be happier. I'm proud of him.
My daughter just wants to give my baby daughter kisses and cuddles all the time.
I traveled to a state I had never been before.
Last month I paid off the rest of the money owed on a cruise that I will be attending next month and I am over the moon that it is done.
My husband surprising me with flowers.
Within the last month I got an actual report date for my technical school.
I made employee of the month and received a gift card.
I cleaned out my room.
I saw my friends from high school.
Completing my goals thru hard work.
My husband and I agreed on a granite color for our kitchen remodel. This may seem small but it was an on going struggle for a few months now. 
I left my ex girlfriend and the bad relationship I was in.
I could help a student to buy study materials who was best at his studies,but unable to support financially by his family
I went to the vet recently and they were finally able to tell me what was causing my dog's excessive itching. 
I place in the top 8 of my local card shop and got a good prize. 
I found a great deal on two new fishing poles with open bail reels, two for thirty dollars!
Watching my younger child aged 3 performing in a dance competition for the first time.
My colleague complimented my writing. 
When my thighs started to shrink from a low protein diet. I ate low carb and worked out hard 7 days a week 2 hours a day. I ended up super skinny except with a big butt and thighs (athletic). I look funny though because I am extremely, extremely thin on top and a size 6 or 8 on the bottom.
I found out I was going to florida for vacation.
I went to my local grocery store and saw a local celebrity who took time to take a picture with me.
My mom sent me a box of my favorite foods in the mail.
I'm glad to have stuck to my diet today. 
My brother visited my home. He bought me my favorite chocolates.
My oldest son got accepted into a great High School and is excited about it.
got off probation. i won a lotto scratch off. i finally cussed somebody off that needed it.
I got my first paycheck since going back to work.
My blood text is normal
Completing DIY backyard project with my husband a couple weeks ago.  It was a spontaneous decision to go to Ikea to purchase flooring for our patio.  We had a fun time working on it together and are super pleased with the final result.
When my son showed me his report card and his grades went up due to all the hard work we had him to to improve. And it showed. 
My best friend came from out of state to visit for a long weekend.
Mother made for me a new dish and I just want to say only one thing regarding this......It took to me to the HIGH CLOUDS.....
Getting my prescription medicine hassle free made me happy. 
I was very happy to watch my daughter learn how to run and growl.
My other son got to the finals in the pre little league division last week and did an great job playing 3rd base. 
A couple of weeks ago, a funny thing happened while I was working, and I called my sister in L.A. to tell her and we shared a laugh.
I spent a day with my son walking downtown on a scavenger hunt for help wanted signs to use in the Job Seeker app on my phone and had a nice lunch with him at Jimmy Johns.
My wife gave me a massage after a long day of work.
I found a twenty dollar bill on the floor at the laundry mat...the place was empty except for me and the attendant. Finders keepers.
I received some extra hours on my paycheck.
I bought my new computer, and once it arrived, was set up, and I became comfortable with the new operating system I was very happy.
i was able to win a tennis tournament
I was happy when I bought Sniper Elite 4 mid-February.
In the past Month I beat my running record 
Watching our friends get married.
I went to the thrift store yesterday and that always makes me happy. 
I enjoyed eat burgers with my family
I planned an upcoming vacation during Easter break with my wife.
I had a pleasant outing with friends recently.
My husband started working more after having his hours cut back A LOT.
My husband wanting to take me on a date for our upcoming wedding anniversary made me so happy.
I had a dinner with a group of friends I don't often see.
The Red-Winged black birds are back at the bird feeders! A sure sign of spring!
My dad gifted me a wrist watch.
I got to see a good friend i haven't seen in over a year.
Earlier this month I paid off two entire bills that were in collections which made me very happy.
My boyfriend gifted me ring as a token of love and I was extremely happy.
Dad tells me he is proud of me. Nothing can recreate that feeling of knowing your dad is proud of you

I went to a pool party and my friends liked the girl I brought.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.

I always think of each night as a song. Or each moment as a song. But now I'm seeing we don't live in a single song. We move from song to song, from lyric to lyric, from chord to chord. I like pingami movie song.
my best friend is come my life again and never go back :)
I received flowers from my partner today.
last month i got a amount from an insurance company which makes me happy.
I planted a spring vegetable garden.
I got around to taking a photo I wanted of a landmark near my home.
I am work in the mturk. So i earn money in dollar. But i am indian in my city dollar does not meet the value, so i must be convert the dollars to rupees to use for my own. I tried most of the ways and styles but i cant find any thing that required for me. Then i finally found the way to convert the dollar in efficient , But it also something bad in it. It takes too much time to converting. But i had no other way to do that. So i did it. past month only i got that money into my bank  account. this makes me sooo happy
I was able to run 9 miles without stopping even though I hadn't run all winter.
When my dad bought me a puppy from the shelter. 
I booked by ticket to go to Iceland with my best friend for June. 
Spending time with my nieces.
I won a really tough game of DOTA after being behind for most of the time.
I had dinner with my significant other.
Two days ago, i saw my childhood friend Ramesh. That feeling very happy.
After long time we went to hotel
My best friend invited me to join him in July to go see another one of my favorite bands Primus peform at an outdoor venue which I have never been to before and have only seen Primus once before so i am super exited and was really happy that he invited me to go with him! 
Something that made me happy in the past month was when my dog greeted me today when I got home. 
My poem was published in a local magazine.
My manager inform me that I got promotion in my job.
I found some clothing on sale at a store I like.
When my son go to school and coming from school with a big smile face.
I cooked my first home made meal, Previously it was either my mother who cooked or the ladies I date
Another thing that made me happy this past month was celebrating my birthday as well as a friends birthday on the same day.
my marriage , when i got married with my girl friend. that time i was very happy and lucky . my life partner was my girl friend. 
The guy I've had feelings for for a long time finally kissed me.
I purchased a new 4x4 Jeep to take on the Elk Hunt.
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.[3] Since the turn of the millennium, the human flourishing approach, advanced particularly by Amartya Sen has attracted increasing interest in psychological, especially prominent in the work of Martin Seligman, Ed Diener and Ruut Veenhoven, and international development and medical research in the work of Paul Anand
Finishing up work after a long and grinding day of court.
Dinner tonight was really good. 
It made me happy to successfully complete a program I'd been working on.
I received a bonus from work.
I was told I did an amazing job at work and was highly valued.
The day with my lovely daughter
My husband give me a stylish watch.
Going out for a family dinner with my family.
I went to the zoo last weekend! I'm an avid animal lover and I like learning about them. I made my parents come to the zoo with me. We saw monkeys, swans, geese, giraffes, elephants, tigers, lions, cheetahs, birds (a lot of them), penguins, polar bears, and we hand fed lorikeets and deer. 

The day my friend got his new job
Playing poker with my sister made me happy.
Went to the university restaurant and found out they were serving beef stroganoff.
My happiness had its complement when I was called to congratulate myself for my graduation of an intensive course of programming. I felt expert in technology.
I made it through a difficult exam after intensive studying.
Watching a damn good foreign language movie which depicts pure life. I watched it twice which is incredibly un usual.
I won an art contest for fifteen hundred dollars.
Riding in the elevator in the arms of the guy I liked and getting a kiss and a long look before going to bed.
Because of my work pressure I have no time to spend  with my family. But last month I got one saturday evening free. At that time my wife prepared Ragi Vadai (Maize Vadai) to me, it is just like my grandma's preparation. At that time I am so happy.
It was raining one night and I had my dog, my cat, a good CD on and reading my Kindle. I felt as content as I have in a while.
I went to get food with a couple friends.
I cooked my boyfriend an awesome meal of steak and veggies. Turned out great!
I saw an old friend and made chocolate cake for him.
I was finally able to purchase a new phone when I needed to get one for quite a while.
Another moment that made me happy was learning that someone I'm pretty interested in shared a pretty cool interest with me. We were talking and I brought my hobby up, and she mentioned that she did the same thing! It was so cool to hear because I was yet to meet anyone who had the same hobby, and it made me super happy that she of all people shared it with me. We already had a lot in common, so hearing that just made me so happy.
I got more prizes from my friends and family
Talking to my sister via FaceTime.
My husband professed his unconditional love today and showed a lot of optimism.
I went out to see the movie, Beauty and the Beast with some friends.
I see a special very funny animal video.
My favorite college basketball team did very well in the tournament and that made me happy.
There are certain moments in popular culture that feel so right, where something happens in stories that feels so good and so appropriate in the story, that you can't help but be moved by it. Usually when seeing a character taking a Woobie under his/her wings.
I had a really pleasant interaction with a bank teller yesterday who helped me increase the withdrawal limit on my debit card since I needed some extra money for materials for above-said renovations. I know this for many, this may be a minor deal, but for me, a classic introvert who normally finds these sorts of encounters rather off-putting, it was quite a happy occurrence.
When my son got recovery from their disease
I had a good experience that we are involving in a same continuous statements that are to be involved in farthest condition
The fruits of my labor a a packaging design a were printed and I received some really great recognition for it.
Pamela Gail Johnson founded the Secret Society of Happy People with the main idea of creating a safe placea where people can share their happy moments, without being discouraged by the parade rainers. Since 1998 she has been managing the Society by writing posts, writing the newsletter, updating social media information and answering fanas questions on her blog Ask Pamela Gail: Where Happiness Meets Reality. Each blog post is formed as an answer to the members questions submitted through the website. 
After almost 3 years without seeing my half brother, who was in the army working overseas. It was a great moment to saw him coming off the plane after so long time. I did cry a little because we used to be very close, but as we are on separated paths we don't talk that much. We went to a local bar and spent 7 hours there just talking and remembering old times.
Having a date with my crush
I purchased a new variety plant and two days ago a new flower come from it.
I cooked lunch for my family and they liked the new recipe and asked me to do it sometime again.
Getting my phone charger back made me quite happy. I accidentally left it with a friend and I haven't been able to charge my phone the last two days till I was able to get it back.
I visited with a old friend, that I have not seen in years.
Although sad and depressing at the same time, this still gave me small feelings of "happiness," or hope. I thought about my ex often, thinking about how even though we could no longer talk to each other, he had the intention to wait for me till he could talk to me again in a few years. Just entertaining that possibility gave me feelings of hope and I felt content because of that, even though I missed him. 
I was happy this month thinking about how I could entertain my friends by sending them funny Snapchat photos.
I bought some new hand sanitizers that smell really good.
I went a journey with my friends one week ago.
going to the gym
I made a new friend at my daughter's school. 
An acquaintance paid back $150 he owed me.  I didn't really expect him to pay it back.
I really appreciated getting a great review from my boss at work, who gave me positive feedback after a tough day.
I recently signed up for the MSF basic riding course. Happy to be riding a motorcycle within the next few months.
I built and installed a screen printing press in my garage.
I am happy that I made new friends on a web forum that I frequent, and they have accepted me as one of their own.
I had a week long visit from a good friend I have not seen(in person) for 13 years.
My husband and me fighting we are not celebrating my birthday 
When my puppy learned tricks and did something rather cute. Of course she had to put her paws over her face and act like she was washing it.
A few weeks ago, my significant other returned from a long trip, and spending the evening with them made me feel happy and relaxed. 
I went for a night drive alone.
My result came and I scored distinction
When I finished my three month work out routine.
I spent time with my 12 year old niece teaching her how to play basketball.
"There are none happy in the world but beings who enjoy freely a vast horizon"--said Damodara, when his herds required new and larger pastures.

I am on leave from work to spend time with .Y.family. 
My happy moment was going out to dinner with my husband and son this week:
I met up with some friends for a birthday party and saw some I hadn't seen in awhile.
I got a bonus at my job that I have been working at for six years.
When I gave a whole dollar to a lil girl because she asked for a donation. 
I was very happy that my husband purchased tickets for me to a live concert dinner for my birthday. I have always wanted to visit that restaurant and he was able to give it to me as a birthday present. I was very happy and am very ecstatic to go to the concert.
I SPEND MOST OF TIMES WITH MY FRIEND
I am happy when I get to eat dinner with my family
When I finally earned $10 on Mturk.
Took an injured dog to a vet and was able to save its life
my father was retired in his post of It professor we conduct the function of his retirement every one in his office speaks about my father working past experience in his work i feel proud about my father
I make chicken fry in my home and ate some pieces with spicy taste.
Something that made me happy was having a day off and enjoying time to myself without any work related things stressing me out. 
My baby is recovered from a severe illness and he is now having a good time.
I completed my taxes and found that I have a decent size refund coming.
i was gifted a bike of my favourite color
I finally received a copy of the video game Doom for the PC that I have been waiting for almost a week and got to finally play it.
when i play skateboard with my comrade then i fall they cheer me up and encourage to do it again.. when i land it perfectly that the sweetest happiest moment of my life 
I finished a complicated task at work and received praise from an executive.
My ex wrote me on Valentine's day to wish me a happy day.
last month 25th I got a school admission for my son's . last 2 months we were trying to get the admission. He attended so many interviews .  finally he got the admission . That made  me very happy 
I'm a cook of 18 years and  i tonight i made a beef barley and vegetable soup that everyone loved and still talks about to this day. 
The guy across the street smoked a brisket and gave me a plateful.
Last week I enrolled myself in a lottery system and two days after enrolling I got a news that I was gained with a third prize in lottery worth $75.It was a lucky and gold moment for me.
It made me happy to see my best friends and her kids.
When I realize that the remodeling process of our home is almost completed and the turnout is great.
I checked my MTurk account and I found out I had made over $1000 in a month and a half.
I got appreciation from seniors at office.
Going to the movies with my wife.
I received a promotion and a raise at work.
yesterday before i bought one iphone 7 it is very nice to use nice moment
met my old school friends that was fun and happy moment
My co-worker and I joked around about different treats and I made a really ridiculous pun that made us both laugh until we cried.
Well being single now i have all the free time in the world to do the things i like without any percussions.Ah its so nice to have my life back again touche'.
I bought myself some new clothes on amazon after waiting a while to finally do it.
I like mosquito
Boyfriend and I spent a weekend in a beach time, it's a bit chilly but we have a great time.
I went to the zoo last weekend! I'm an avid animal lover and I like learning about them. I made my parents come to the zoo with me. We saw monkeys, swans, geese, giraffes, elephants, tigers, lions, cheetahs, birds (a lot of them), and deer. A simple zoo was enough to make me happy and smile continuously for days.
I was working on my laptop and suddenly a parcel arrived from and it had my favorite book called The secret . I didn't know who sent it , because i participated in a secret book exchange . But i felt very happy to receive and read it .
Soon my best  friend(11 years of friendship) is getting married to her love.
We bought a new car and it is the one which one I am long waiting. My dream came true.
My family and I spent the day at our friend's house. We had barbecue and hung out together. We had a few beers and enjoyed the peasant weather in his backyard.
I finished a complex knitting project.
I was happy when I knew I could pay rent and the power bill.
I went to a trip for a resort with my family and it made me very happy
A long drive to cool hill station with my friends
I successfully baked delicious chocolate chip cookies from a friend's recipe that I've previously failed multiple times
When I was communicating with my sisters when my dad was in the hospital, I was genuinely happy that we were all on the same page, rooting for my dad's health to improve.
I got prize for my hard work in local association, it made me happy
Enjoying time with my husband, We went to the springs & enjoyed one on one time with one another.
Today I met my old friend after along time. Itas been almost two years since I saw her. After we graduated, weave separated. She got married and left the city. I donat know what happened to her then. Today was a bliss day, I was walking through college in my long break and I saw her by coincidence. At first I didnt recognize her because her physical appearance has changed a lot. But she still as she was, friendly and lovely. I was the one who start the conversation and keep telling her about our old days and how we known each other. We talked and weave been sharing all our memories and how was she doing in all that 2 years. Today we were not only meeting each other after long but also were introducing our new friends we met at college. Then we lunched and weave planned to visit each other. I really enjoyed today. My day has been made.
i went to see the Reverend Horton Heat at the Lincoln theater in Raleigh, NC the other night. One of the best guitar players of all time, playing in an iconic theater with a phenomenal sound system is all I could talk about for a week. 
I made some money in the stock market.
I got the invigilation duty for class X board exams this year.  This is the first time get the duty after 19 years of work.  This has given me a tremendous joy and satisfaction.
Getting to rising star rank in Rocket League
I finished my Executive MBA exams and i felt happy and relieved after the exams.
At the end of the month I was give bonus which enabled me to buy a new car.
Friday night realizing I get to have my husband for the entire weekend makes me happy, this feeling evaporates sometime around Saturday PM and is completely gone by Sunday as the weekend draws to a close.
I stumbled upon a youtuber called Markiplier who's really funny and has a great personality.
i am happy that there are certain things in the world need from me i am willing to give into that also i like my privacy.. THis hit is wonderful always gettting me some money just for a 5 minutes of work.
i went zoo to realize how they really feel in the cage but they have to live in jungle not in zoo...it was the nature i saw in jungle it was so bad to see the animals in the zoo......must go and see the animals in jungle that will be amazed then i feel my jungle trip which was good i was feeling like something special.....it is very good to see the animals in jungle if you want to really see them all must go and enjoy as i did 
My son turned 7 years old, and lots of people showed up to celebrate with him.
When I was offered a promotion to move to Dallas and be the Terminal Manager.
My daughter did a dance program after a long month break, she did well in that , every relatives and friends appreciate that and i am very happy at that moment. 
walked on rain with my friends for reaching home from my college.
When someone told me that I had a good heart and that I was a helpful person.
I heard the sound that persisted my name 
Past month I got a award for being a talented teacher award from the school n got a promotion 
I watched a movie that wanted to see since last 1 year but was not getting time for it.
whwn i complete my study I am happy
A special hug from my girl friend made me feel awesome
I met with my school friends and enjoyed a lot.
Seeing my friends after being away for five months.
My daughter got a new outfit that she wore and looked absolutely adorable.
My package that I had been waiting on came in. In this package is an item that I need to make a birthday present. I now hope to finish the birthday present in time. The present is a surprise, and is something I've been thinking up a long time, so I'm chomping at the bit to gift it. 
I visited my parents and spent time with them.
It was a very memorable moment for me last month as i met my old class mate after 10 years.We did have a nice time together and i was really very much happy
My maternal uncle got married. As it vanishes my parents tension to his marry. 
My mother showed some affection towards me, She has never did such things earlier.
Every day, think as you wake up: today I am fortunate to be alive, I have a precious human life, I am not going to waste it." Wow. What a wise man. I tend to wake up with a strong visceral reaction that says, "Attention human beings: Be afraid of me before coffee. Be very afraid!" Setting a daily intent makes a huge difference. Your daily intent could be something like "be productive" or "enjoy today's delicious moments" or it could be something more specific like "say thank you to my loved ones today." But it should not be another "to do" item on your list.
Winning money from the lottery. I have been very focused using the Law of Attraction and welcoming money and abundance into my life and doing meditations and I'm seeing the results! I won a few good amounts this month and I know more is on the way! It feels good to be a winner! I will be a multimillionaire!
I planted some plants in my garden.  My plants were grown in a healthy way with flowers.  I am so excited.  
I went for a stroll along with my dog in the nearby dog park and loved watching my dog enjoy and play with the other dogs there.
my previous company dispatched my balance salary it was made me happy   
The birthday of my mother, we had a great party and we had super all my relatives, my mother and me.
My dogs made me happy
Yesterday, I walked to the door of my porch and -- looking out -- saw that 'Spring had sprung' (so to speak) because of the new growth of grass and flowers that I observed, and the amount of birdsong I heard; I felt that Winter was truly past.
I was walking my dog when this guy I don't really know but have seen around confronted me about not picking up my dog waste which I always do and I told him off good. He backed down to me so fast it was funny and it made me happy.
I went to the zoo last weekend! I'm an avid animal lover and I like learning about them. I made my parents come to the zoo with me. We saw monkeys, swans, geese, giraffes, elephants, tigers, lions, cheetahs, birds (a lot of them), penguins, polar bears, and we hand fed lorikeets and deer. Things like animals, even wild animals in their natural habitats make me happy.
Our neighbor due to some misunderstanding because of our house keeping maid was not in good relationship with us for the past days and one day my neighbor through the maid itself came to know the total mistake was due to the maid and my neighbor immediately gave me a hug and said sorry for her behavior and till this moment we were in good relationship and this incident made me very very happy.
Last month i went to meet my distant relation and i had not met him for many years and i was very happy to see him and he greeted me very well and i shared with him how i cared for him and i had lunch in his house and returned evening to my home.

the happiest moment in my life is when I am with someone special,shes been in my life for almost 6years.whenever im with her i felt complete,yes it may sounds weird but it is true.it is funny how big of an impact she have on me. it's been a year i thought im already over with her, but i am wrong.so wrong.i'm still the guy who's madly in love with her.i could still remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face
I received bonus with my salary last month made me happy.
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I got to see one of my friends that I havent seen in a long time and we got to catch up.
I finally got to see Star Wars Rogue one, and in the end princess Laila was back, young as ever. it was so nice to see her again.
We went to the city for a couple days and got to see the sights.
I finally reached my goal on my deadlift exercise.
i was attending my children school function.he was the first rank holder in his class.he got a prize for that in a stage by the chief guest.i also invited to the stage to get it.that was a happiest moment in my life
My pet cat Dolly was confirmed to be pregnant which made me very happy since i was waiting for a long time for her to get pregnant. 
i was attending my children school function.he was the first rank holder in his class.he got a prize for that in a stage by the chief guest.i also invited to the stage to get it.that was a happiest moment in my life
I was paid a bonus in my paycheck.  The bonus was unexpected and much needed.  It was an exciting and very happy moment especially when I confirmed it wasn't in error.
last night i had a dinner with my family.
I was happy after I clean my turtle enclosure out.
I spoke to my parents on Skype.
They feel validated by stories in which a human believed a computer was wrong, ignored the computer's advice, turned out to be right and got a happy ending instead of the ominous "what if ..." of heeding the computer.

My kids and I did an art project together and we all worked together on it and felt pride in our work afterward.
When my spouse prepared my favourite meal, was dressed in a beautiful attire and we had quality time after a tiresome day. 
The day I got my tax refund!
My next happy moment is every night when I get to chat with my best friend online; although, it makes me a lot happier when I can see her in person.
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest moment in my life.
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest moment in my life.
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest moment in my life.
I went to tour with my wife that moment unforgettable moments. 
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest moment in my life.
Winning the chess completion.
I HAVE RECEIVED BEST STUDENT AWARD FROM MY COLLAGE IS MY BEST HAPPIEST MOMENT...
Watching the movie Pursuit of Happiness.
MY HAPPIEST IS MY COLLEGE DAYS, BECAUSE WEEKLY TWO OR THREE DAYS WE BANK. THE CLASS AND GO TO FILM BEACH ANY RESORT THIS MY HAPPIEST MOMENT .
My happiest moment on the last month we were go to the island. 
my happiest moment is my college days,because weekly two or three days we bunk the class and go to flim beach any resort this my happiest moment.
after long years i meet my school friend
Feeling like to love everyone after meditating
BEFORE 2 YEARS FOR MY COLLEGE TOUR FUNCTION   SO WE ALL ENJOY THIS HAPPY MOMENT  FOR MY LIFE. SO I DON'T FORGETTING THIS LIFE.
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT IN MY COLLEGE DAYS BECAUSE WEEKLY TWO OR THREE DAYS WE BUNK THE CLASS GO TO FILM BEACH ANY RESORT THIS MY HAPPIEST MOMENT.
getting a promotion after 2 years 
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
I caught a new pokemon go that I have not caught yet. 
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
my happiest moment is my college day celebration and then i got a price to topper of the class.
I caught a new pokemon go that I have not caught yet. 
PAST MONTH I AM GOING TO PARK. IT'S A  VERY HAPPIEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE. 
Getting free food.
My toddler stopped bedwetting.
When I successfully broke my last record and did 50 push-ups.
Talking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
PAST MONTH AM DRIVING IN HIGHWAY SPEED TRAVEL IN MY CLOSE FRIENDS VERY ENJOYING THAT'S MOMENT
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
I took a cold shower after travelling under hot weather conditions.
I got a really good haircut about a month ago, I'm still getting positive comments about it.
I switched phone companies and now am a t-mobile member who is saving over 100$/month on my family's cellular bill.
my sister got married
THE BIRTHDAY PARTY OF MY NIECE MADE ME HAPPY.TWO WEEKS BACK WE CELEBRATE HER FIRST BIRTHDAY AT OUR HOUSE.THE WHOLE DAY WE ENJOYED AT THE CORE.NOTHING CAN EQUAL TO HER SMILE. 
Last month I enjoyed my sister's engagement in our home.And I gave a surprise gift to her.she felt very happy and that moment made me happy.
Getting in bed while there's a snow blizzard outside, the sheets are initially cold but then you get all bundled up and warm, that's my happy place
My brother decided to join for higher studies and started preparing for the upcoming entrance exam which I have been asking him to take for  a couple of months. 
I received a job conformation letter on last month that is my very biggest happy moment for me and my parents
My husband got a promotion.
My vacation was approved for the summer.
Last month i got promotion and my salary increments. Yes i promoted as project manager. So this year i will do plan for get marry and enjoy my life. Yes i would like to save lot of money and enjoy my life. Very happy about my promotion. Thanks to my general manager. 
I was happy because there is hope that overwhelms me that though things are slow to pick up all will be wll.
I felt in love 
I built a pool in my garden
I went on vacation in Rome
I got the best performer award in my company. I was really happy about it because I managed to go ahead of my colleague after good 2 years. I felt really happy when I received the award.   
MY SON DRAWING MY PHOTOS IN OUR NOTE BOOK
I found that my friend had cooked some chicken and left me some pieces to enjoy.
I finished writing my music album.
I took a trip up to Boston.
I attended my school reunion function and met my school friends after a long time, recollected olden memories 
In the past month, I got my house painted after 10 years. Now my house looks beautiful and I am still happy to see it everyday.
I started some days of holidays.
I got a salary increment and a bonus salary.
Getting to have my 5th back surgery to reduce my pain. I was very happy it was finally over.
I came back home from work. Bibbi (my dog) was waiting for me at the door. He was so happy he saw me, he made a mess (to use an euphemism). To see someone feel so happy when they see you, made my day.
Shifted to my new house 2 weeks ago, i am very happy.
I had my first live singing performance and it was a loop cover and loved it.
I was elected as a treasurer for our flat association by all the resident of our flat.
I Was Very Happy To see my Cousins at My Place for a  summer  Vacation.
I was recently selected to manage the audio at my church and to process audio recordings for online use.
I went to the bar with some friends of mine, I got a little tipsy but my friend got so drunk that he threw up and we just started making jokes about it, it was a great time.
I finished my midterms with mixed grades but the main pressure is over.
Fifteen days ago my father give me a gift as bike this is a happiest moment for me.
My wife and I booked our summer vacation 2 weeks ago to Disney World!
I bought a newer car.
While reading the newspaper, I came across a fascinating story of a village named Khonoma (Nagaland) and how their fierce hunter-warriors laid down arms to save the environment. It gave me immense happiness.
LAST MONTH MY HUSBAND GOT A PROMOTION AND HUGE INCREMENT. IT MADE ME HAPPY AND PROUD.
Talking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
I received a surprising blessing financially that I was not expecting and which relieved some financial stress on me. 
My son was able to tell stuff he learn from school after having trouble learning and memorizing it. 
Finally finding some speed again running 5 and 10k races, getting back to the speed and feeling I had a couple of years ago.
On Saint Patrick's Day, my wife, my mother in law, and I took my daughter to an Irish pub where bagpipers were playing.
Meeting a friend from my childhood that I hadn't seen in years
In the last month all 3 of my kids made the A-B honor roll at school made me happy.
when I got my salary
We were able to sit outside in our new patio furniture. 
I went for a walk with my doggie.
A small talk by a random stranger, in whose words I found care. It just happened few minutes back.

The worker who sweeps in my office premises looked dull and tired, when I saw her everyday. Nobody actually seemed to care that she existed. I made it a point to help her smile for 2a3 seconds, making her forget her frown.

Now, this has been going on for a while now. Today, after like a month of just exchanging smiles, she spoke to me. She asked me that she didnt find me at the same time yesterday ( Wow! She actually waits for my presence. Thatas so sweet of her), to which I told I was late. She even asked me about few travel details and felt bad that I had to start from home early everyday. The conversation continued for another few seconds.

I left that place. But somehow, I felt happy. Thereas someone in the office, some random stranger, to whom I havent given anything apart from a smile. Yet, she is so contended with that and showered me with her caring words.
It was the moment when I got out of the hospital and managed to walk again normally. 
I was happy when I sat with my family watching a movie while drinking a soda water and lime on a Friday night. 
My other son got a new job with high pay , we go to dinner with all family to celebrate. I felt very happy and complete 
My wife has placenta pervia in the 3 month of pregnancy. We were worried. Doctor told us it will go away in 5th month. But we were still concerned.
We went for the 5th month scan in February. The scan showed placenta pervia moved away. We were so happy to hear that. I could not forget that happy moment.
I have lots to be happy about this summer, It wasn't so simple, but I helped to open a new library branch in my city past month.
I put the money I received into the bank.
completing the macros for history day
It made me happy to bake a new cookie recipe with my children.
My brother came to meet me and we spent time together
I traveled to a very far place by my bicycle and the journey was awesome
my daughter school had a parent meeting in the last weekend. me and my husband got positive feedback regarding her. that made me and my hubby both very happy.
Made a big breakfast of eggs bacon on a bagel that was very tasty.
My daughter completed her MBA with distinction.
I did not gain any weight on my cruise.
Organizing my finances onto a spread sheet to streamline paying my bills which is much less stressful.
Started a new part time job to help pay bills and the pay is fantastic.
I completed a difficult assignment that I had been working on this past month.
When i heard i was pregnant
I and my friends went to my favourite movie la la land and had a happy time there. We were pleased to see our favourite childhood hero on screen 
I was taking a walk on a warm day in March hand in hand with my boyfriend and we were just talking.
Mother day gathering with all my extended family 
I purchased a New Car for my official travelling purpose.
I made a new friend.
I was asked to write a screenplay for new movie. I have been waiting for this thing to happen.
I was able to use my Mechanical Turk earnings to buy a collectible toy that I found on eBay for a great price, which was surprising and exciting to me.
Knowing that I have job options if I would like to pursue them.
Found a copy of an old rare movie I'd been looking for.
Finally, bought the new LED TV
I hit my reading goal and read four new books in the last thirty days.
Got gifts from my In-laws which they brought from pilgrimage made me happy.
next thing is i got my autograph book  back  . i thought that i lose it in somewhere.
I was happy and relieved when I figured out a problem that had been worrying me for some time.
Got my root canal and am slowly working towards fixing the rest of my cavities
I am happy because I have a new job and I can now move out of the shelter and find a bigger place for my family and I. My kids want a dog with our new home and this may be a reality that I could not see before. I see that it may happen this time.
When I bought my favorite caramel ice cream from the store.
when I got yet another girls number. Because of the weight loss i seem to be getting more "play". Women at work seem to be more kind and caring and flirty towards me. As a result i finally have more courage to just go up to a woman and ask her for her number without any cheesy pick up lines or bs like that.
When my friend suffered minor injuries alone due to an accident made us very happy because he had a narrow escape from being hit by a bus
I got a free mattress due to a shipping error. 
Going to church and lunch with my parents is always nice.
a child was born to me.
I was happy when I found out my nephew is coming to visit me for a week for Spring Break.
I was happy to go to Disneyland for my best friend's birthday.
I was made happy when I booked my wedding anniversary vacation for next month. 
My son getting good grades
i have travelled holiday destination in the responsibility of my company
i brought a smart watch gift for my elder brother. 
I completed posting 100 articles on my personal blog and this was a very proud moment for me. I was very happy to see my this achievement. 
My baby went to the music class and she sings so cute
WHILE HEARING MUSIC
The inability of Republicans to repeal the ACA made me so happy because I absolutely need health insurance right now and would not be able to afford what was going to be available in the new plan.
i got a lotery
I got off work a few hours early last Friday.  It isn't the biggest deal, but it did make me happy.
i got a girl friend last week
I received job offers. 
My daughter getting accepted to the High School she applied to.  It's a high school the specializes in the arts, such as dance and music.  My daughter is very involved in music and dance and we were hoping she would be accepted.  When her acceptance letter finally arrived, we were all very happy.
Visited with friends whom were celebrating their wedding anniversary, we brought them a nice a bottle of wine to enjoy. 
I got to spend quality time with my friends.
I stuck to a harsh work schedule that I made for myself.
Two weekends ago my mom and dad came down to the city where I live and we ran a 10 mile race.  It made me happy because first of all, the run felt really good, and second I had all the important people in my life around me. My mom, dad, brother, friends, boyfriend. 
i brought a new pet last week
My family and me went to nearby church. we found that a laptop near by the church. we approached father and informed about this. He announced this in prayer one them came and got this, we were happy.
One afternoon, we had a really perfect spring day, so my family went downtown and hung out in the park/restaurants area.
My dearest friend told me, on her birthday, that I'm the best gift anyone could ever get.
Learning how to make paintings and become a artist. 
i got gas connection in my workshop
My husband gift by a ring
Someone complimented my writing.
I learned how to make more money at my job.
The meal I was making for the first time turned out successfully.
I received a bonus for working on MTurk.
My relatives gave a grand dinner in my home town and gifted me with a shirt.
Celebrating my dads 84th birthday.
I was able to go to the park with my kids on a nice spring day.
Last week I prepared one of the  most difficult sweet to my old friend by spending two hours in kitchen, with lot of love and affection, it came to be very special to me and my dear friend which made me feel very very happy.
I got my dog at the kennel after she was boarded for 3 weeks.
I won 500 dollars sunday morning.
My husband brought me my favorite dinner when I was working late.
Caught up on my favorite show (Bates Motel).
I went to dinner to celebrate my wedding anniversary.
I had a major breakthrough in my research at work.
My husband grilled ribeye steaks for us.  They were delicious and I enjoyed eating them so much and thought it was sweet that he did that for me.  
I successfully handmade, sewed, a beautiful tie-on, stuffed, embellished, chair cushion for my son's desk chair.
I was given a treat for my insatllation as it was a long pending issue at the management end and finally worked out.
I got an A in my english class
When my sister, whom I love but who could drive the Pope crazy, left after a week-and-a-half visit.
Another happy moment would be when I got to see my little brother for his birthday
The day my two youngest daughters brought me excellent days.
I was so happy when my boyfriend brought me home my favorite ice cream.
I have not had alcohol in a week.
I was very happy and relieved when my dad, who has cardiomyopathy, told me he was able to increase the amount of time he spends exercising every day.
I sold a comic book on ebay.
I finally got my deductible back from my insurance company. $1,000
My daughter studying B.Sc Microbiology 2nd year. Last year she selected on Research Fellowship. I really very happy to that moment. 
Receiving all As on midterm grade report.
I went to see a movie with a friend who was in town whom I hadn't seen in over a year.
Our cat showed some new behaviors that made us go nan even more that we already do.
This month has been really good in terms of my husband getting a lot of work.
Buying a really pretty new purse on clearance made me happy.
Finishing the refit on my sailboat.
I cuddled up on the couch last night with my husband and he read to me.
This past month I lost 10 lbs and am one step closer to my weightloss goals. 
Because of my wife's new job I have been able to have dinner with her every night and generally spend more time with her.
I received a service award from my fire dept for many years of service. 
I bought a lot of new make up this month. I love make up so that made me happy.
I got a stock dividend.
I was happy when I got to go out to eat instead of having to cook dinner.
Having a big group dinner with my college friends. Getting everyone together
I was recognized by my manager for doing a great job at work on a project we finished this month.
I bought a new car
 It made me happy when my infant son used baby sign language for the first time.
I went to a hobby shop and looked at model trains for the first time since I was a child.
i got extra voucher for my internet
UCLA bead Kent State in the first round of march madness.
I was happy last Friday when we had fun at the local botanical gardens because my daughter loves it there.  
I was put on a new inhaler to replace the one that wasn't working for me.

I gifted a mobile phone to my dad on his birthday. it was a surprise one for him as he did except me to come down from very long distance.
When company from another state came to see us, we had a fun-filled weekend with them and I was so happy to spend quality time with people I love. 
The check engine light came on in my car, but went off on its own when the oil was changed without any costly repairs or needing to go into the shop.
2.  I completed a 4 miles run in a time that was my personal best.
I am happy when i get my salary
I saw that I get an A from a very hard course
I spent some good, quality time with my boyfriend.
Seeing my old friends from high school and catching up on whats going on in our lives. 
When I came to know that my research content is appreciated by an educational institution.
Placing an ad of Facebook for renting my condo and having it viewed by 2200 people made me very happy.
seeing a a rickshaw (car) driver saying good by to his school going child
snuggling in bed with my daughter
Finding out that we're adopting my sister in law's baby boy. 
the ransom which i had lent to a person was returned correctly back to me.i was given 
I was happy when I got two drinks for the price of when when the vending machine spit out two by mistake. 
The moment when I met my old school friend in a New Year party. After a long year I met my schoolmate in my native place .We both enjoyed the party. It was a great happiest moment in my life.
I was happy that the sun is shining more and the birds are beginning to migrate back to the area for the Spring/Summer.
I got in a car accident and my insurance company made the whole process completely easy and stress-free for me. I greatly appreciated it.
I was finally able to get my car fixed after having it sitting for a few months. 
I went on a romantic candle night dinner with my girlfriend and we spent a quality time together.
Seeing that I made a good grade on my English essay.
i buy a 4k tv 
Larger pay check
The promotion I have was the most happiest moment happened to me. I work in IT for several years now but I didn't received any promotion. This time is the most precious and I will treasure it no matter what. I will continue to love my job and focus my work diligently.
i went to hobby lobby the other day and i saw they were having a 50% off sale for all fabric and craft notions. i was so very happy and thrilled! i love crafts and i own my own business. i love to sew and im always in need of supplies which can get expensive so it made me happy to know i could get more for my money and i also started planning out the projects im going to do. 
I received an email from attorney on my Visa Application status. 
My USA L1 individual visa got approved after 6 months of hard work on documentation. 

We celebrated my youngest son's birthday.
When I finished reading my book for the week.
See my work colleagues happy and smiling and we were awarded as the best area of work in terms of safety and hygiene of the corporation
I was driving fast and I was in a hurry. The signal turned yello just as I crossed the signal and lucky me I crossed it and after that it turned red.
I got much of my debt reduced for about 70%, which is making me feel happy and relaxed a lot.
The togetherness of relatives who wish our child and also their blessings made me feel happy
My nephew was able to get a scholarship to a highly rated university
I was happy when I learned that my child was recognized with an award for her accomplishments at school.
In the past month, I made the final arrangements for a Bridal Shower.
The beautiful spring weather that God created; waking up with the sun shining and the temperature just right has been such a blessing!
My granddaughter was baptized and we had a big family weekend because of it. 
I got to spend quality time with my mom.
Waking up this morning and seeing my son smile made me happy.
I got a better rank in the video game I play.
I received a job offer on a job that I applied for in January, I had given up hope, but I was over the moon excited when I got the call. 
It made me very happy to be the student with the highest scores of my university race last month.
My wife put on something special in the bedroom without it being a special occasion.
I won a couple races while betting horses online. 
When my daughters made me a poem about how good of a mom i am made me happy.
My son learned the meaning of the word "hug" and gave me a hug before bedtime one night.
We went to eat at a friend's house.
my friend marriage function
I bought a fancy new mechanical keyboard.
I am always happy teaching students in general. Whenever  I teach students I feel like I am helping someone. I am giving to someone in need. I am able to help shape our future.
When i was with my friends last weekend we went out to a bar to watch a basketball game. While i was there i saw an old manager of mine that i used to work for. He is now the manager of the bar we were at. He took care of the whole tables bill and we didn't have to pay a thing. 
Last weekend I finally got to redo my bedroom set dressers with the chalk paint and pretty knobs I bought!
I was happy when my husband sent me a sweet text.
I got a see a friend of mine compete in her rowing competition and win!
My daughter placing  third in the spelling bee.
I found a Nintendo Switch after searching for weeks.
I always use a small purse which I carry while going shopping  or anywhere outside. My aunty had got me a purse which looks like a cake with icing on it. This was a real good one so handy to carry. I am still using it even today and it does remind me of them every moment I take it with me.
I finished my family's tax returns last weekend.
As I watched, my five year old son saw his little brother drop his Popsicle and then handed him his own and said "that's ok, Ethan!"
past month my birthday i go to old home and give donation for the trust at the moment i am very happy
What made me happy this month was watching burning sands with my sorority sisters. 
I added more guns to my collection and have had fun shooting them at the range.
I was able to have a scrapbooking day with my best friend.
I was approved by the courts to file my divorce without paying right away. 
My daughter smiled at me for the first time a week ago.
I took a ride in the car with my husband and we looked at all the spring trees and flowers coming up in the country. It was very peaceful.
I saw my best friend get married to the love of his life.
Holding and loving baby grand daughter.
My husband missed me while I was at dance class and told me so when I got home which made me happy. 
I quit my job two weeks ago. This job was not a good fit for me, and caused me a lot of stress even when I wasn't working. I was worried that my boss would be upset with me, but he was very understanding, and I was excited to be able to let go of that source of stress in my life.
My girlfriend and I got into a very bad argument but it led to us having a long, honest discussion about the core of our relationship, and now things between us are better than they have been in years.
A happy moment I had was when I saw my boyfriend after a whole week of not being able to see him because of school and work. 
Watching my granddaughter paint over video chat and paint her body and face and have fun made me very happy.
My second happy moment came when I decided to get outside again and work out. I left myself go this winter and gained 30 pounds! None of my clothes fit except one pair of jeans and I just kept getting fatter. It was so nice to wire myself all up to my technology (phone for music, heart rate monitor, smart watch, etc) lace up those running shoes and get out there pounding the pavement.
Last month we celebrated our 10th anniversary.
I accepted a new job.
Yesterday I finally got to start my new job in a gardening center.
Taking a successful test trip out kayaking using some new equipment.
I won a small amount of money on a lottery ticket.
I watched a new movie with a friend. 
My youngest daughter just got her ears pierced for the first time, for her birthday. She is usually totally afraid of any kind of pain and would freak out. She panicked for a minute and then collected herself faster than I've ever seen her. I was so happy for her that she saw the value of the outcome over her normal reaction. This was a proud mom moment. 
It made me feel happy that I was able to put together an important analysis for my boss and he was appreciative.
What made me happy was hosting my 3 year old nephew's first sleep over party at my brothers house. 
My best friend came over and spent the day with me
I was happy because I found a beautiful jacket with 50% discount. 
I tried a new recipe for banana bread; it turned out perfect and absolutely delicious!
I received more money than I was expecting from a few hours of work. 
What made me happy in the past month was watching tv with my husband after our daughter went to bed and eating junk food with him.
In the past month, I had the opportunity to try a new, luxury restaurant that I had reservations for for 6 months, and that made me happy. 
It made me feel happy, able to repair my car, I had a problem with the radiator, after a few hours removing it and having it repaired, I finally got it and it was very good.
I have been contacted for a really good job with a great salary.
Around a month ago exactly, I found out that I'd be taking an important exam--but which is mostly just a formality--to take my career to the next level. 
I woke up everyday last month and was alive semi healthy so it made me happy and it continues to make me happy to breath air and see another day life is too short and everyone is in a hurry and busy and life just keeps going by faster and faster then boom.
one day it is all over and frivolous little things like filling out this survey will all mean nothing it will be done and over with.
So something that made me happy last month was the fact that i'm still here this month to tell you about it living life for as long as i possibly can and enjoying it as much as i can makes me extremely happy and it should you too :)
I purchased an AC last month, I thought of buying AC for the past year and just now had money to buy that and that moment made me feel more happy.
Visiting open houses two weeks ago with my husband and finding a cute house we both loved made me very happy.
After six hours  the doctor said that both my baby and my wife were safe with normal health.    I thank God and felt happy with satisfaction.
I bought a new vacuum
My best friend rescued an abused dog from the pound and we have been training him to trust people so that he can enjoy his life. 
I got to see my mom whom I don't see very often.
On my walk this morning, I saw a four year old girl and her mother. They were holding hands and were probably walking to school. The little girl was singing a nursery rhyme and the mom was singing along with gusto, totally oblivious to her surroundings.
Last month our family members celebrates my son's birthday.
Last week I visited to my sister's house. It was a very happy evening.
I recently received a raise at work!
When I cleaned a nugget and loaded it into my bowl, then added fire to it.
when my mother brought home a foster puppy
I completed my taxes yesterday and I'm getting a refund as opposed to having to pay!
I went out to dinner with my ex-girlfriend's family for her daughter's birthday.
I was overjoyed when I purchased my new vehicle from a friend. My last car was lost in an accident.
Snuggling into bed with my fiance made me feel great.
I bought a new car 
I saw the hematologist, last Friday, and she doesn't think I have Polycythemia, which is a blood cancer!
Bought new iphone.
I won an extra bonus at my job
I was given a small raise at work
I bought a new remote control car and crashed it a bunch, and it was really funny.
Visiting friends in Philly, catching up and hanging out.
Subsequent to accepting my Doctorate, I was notified that one of my research papers would be published and used in a documentary video about abrupt climate change.
I was really happy yesterday.  My husband, son and I went to a chess club.  My son had been before, but not my husband.  Each played at least 4 games and had a nice time.  I was especially happy that it was fun for my husband.  He had a lightness in his voice afterward.  I liked that he liked it.  Winner!  I was really happy that I encouraged him to go.  He likes chess a lot.
I was able to find a roommate to help me with paying rent and this makes me happy cause I am able to get my self out of debt
When I arrived at the airport and my kids were waiting for me there.
And sometimes things happen to you that may seem horrible, painful, and unfair at first, but in reflection you find that without overcoming those obstacles you would have never realized your potential, strength, willpower, or heart.
I wrote a show and performed it at Second City.
MY TEAM WON THE TROPHY IN CRICKET TOURNAMENT
My old friends visited my home in the last month. They came along with their spouse and children. Their presence after a long time and that too with their family, made me very happy.
I am writing an Android Game. I completed writing code for three levels during the month.
Laughing with my kids in the car over something silly they said. 
My son won a Tennis tournament and he is now champion of the college !!
My dog won the dog race conducted by the local authority.
I went to the beach for the first time in a long time.
My daughter learned many new words.
My father send me a mobile phone...
This is a great way to sum up the feeling of happiness, itas when everything feels like itas clicking, and itas all in sync. When any part of this equation breaks down, you start to lose the handle on your happy feelings. Thatas why itas important to always speak your true feelings, and act according to the way you're feeling inside
I found out that my Chihuahua Petey did not need to have cataract surgery because he still has good vision in one eye.
I won the lottery for a few bucks in the last month.
Something that made me happy this past month was having a dinner date with my husband and not stressing about the money. 
I made some cookies for a repeat client which I was unsure if she would like the design, but she ended up loving them.
When I ate at my favorite restaurant with a friend.  
WHILE I GOT ENGAGEMENT
Getting positive feedback from my sister which she never used to do.
Our office team went out for a short trek last month where we shared lot of funny moments.
I went walking in the woods and noticed a great number of trees that were extremely tilted, and I became absorbed in looking at them.
I canceled a membership at a gym which was no longer needed and have been saving money due to it.
My Significant other loved the gift I bought a week ago.
Attending my first professional basketball game with my husband. 
This was my first trekking experience. The place was manali and it was really fun.. initially it was tough to achieve the goals.But as game progress i got few encouragement and changed mindset.. it also helps me of how to take any part of life differently.. it was really enjoying and self motivating..
I found some really good bargains online for summer clothes for my kids.
Planning a surprise party for my husband for his birthday. 
I went and saw my niece's play.
I spent all weekend cooking food for local teen moms and thier babies at a weekend camp.
I was happy when I got a day off of work.
I felt happy when my daughter was at physical therapy and started doing harder tasks and she told me she is starting to feel much better and stronger.
 Start a one-line-a-day gratitude journal. Before bed, simply jot down one happy memory from that day. (If you have kids, you can ask them, "What was the best part of today?") Reflection is an important part of happiness, and pausing to reflect on a positive event from each day cultivates gratitude.
i went to a yoga camp conducted by an organisation and the place where it conducted itself provides a refreshing feeling and after the yoga session felt very happy some newness
I play piano and after a few weeks i was at a stop, i hadnt learned anything new and then i sat down and played something beautiful and learned something simple and at night i felt happy.
What made me happy is that when my daughter with Down syndrome was reevaluated for personal care hours she gained more for the coming year. This made me very happy because it will both benefit her as well as my entire family.
I got a new job.
My daughter made me a beautiful hand-made card for Mother's Day and she also bought me a bouquet of roses.
My fiance got a new job with a large salary increase, which means we will be able to move houses soon. 
I arrived at the Grand Canyon and saw the view from the South Rim for the first time.
I smoked some ribs.
sitting on the beach looking at the beautiful blue water
I saw an old friend that I hadn't seen for 10 years, he was doing well and we really hit it off.
I got a job interview with the Public School District for a tutor position for homeless youth.  I graduated about a year ago and have been looking for a job just like this, so I was very excited.
I became happy when I went to  babysit and the family had gotten a dog. I played with her for hours.
Seeing my niece every other weekend. She's so happy and joyful when I see her.
The Netflix series Grace and Frankie released season 3, I binged watched it, it was so good.
Just this weekend I talked with my daughter who recently took a job in Alabama.  She says she really likes her job and her associates.  This move from Iowa to Alabama was a big project and I was worry that she would regret it.  Nice to know it is working out so far. 
My daughters dancing pictures came out so good.
Talking regularly to my parents
My 17 month old son finally using a spoon to eat with and actually ate most of his food.
I was happy in the last month when I went to watch Beauty and the Beast in theaters. This was a movie I had anticipated seeing since I found out they were making it, and I finally got to go! It brought up such wonderful childhood memories. I was smiling the entire time! 
The first chance to play cricket in my organisation team, and get scored 153 runs and got 3 wickets in my first match, it is most happiest moment in my life.
My husband comforted me when I was in a bad mood.
Got a new job.
Going to a restaurant that I always wanted to go to but never had the chance.
My spouse and I were singing along to the radio one night on the drive home.
I was happy when I saw my dad retire a few weeks ago during his retirement party.
Sharing ideas to make your own Happiness Jar and photos of Happiness Jars. ... Write down something that made you happy every day for a year,
I reconnected with a friend that I had drifted from, and we get along just as well as we used to.
I felt very happy this month doing the activities that I love to do, like acrobatics, yoga and pilates. I love to stay active and it is a very happy feeling to work hard and it makes my body feel great. 
Getting my paychecks for going to training.
When my husband came home with new nail polish to give me a pedicure.
Clipping my dog's nails.. he can walk without limping now.
I visited my good friend who just had a baby and got to snuggle her new little one. 
I was happy when one of my adult children called yesterday and we had a great chat before he left for work.
This month I got a new job that will help take the financial burden off my shoulders. 
Early of this month when I attend my friends wedding that I found out she was using the cross-stitched piece I made her as one of the main decorating piece in her wedding.  As soon as I walk in the reception area and I saw that.  I was very excited and happy because I know she does appreciate what I have for her.
The day our house sold.
when my brother called and told he got selected for Army HQ for job.
I have a good coffee time with some old friends.
I felt really happy when I received my laptop in the mail.
Increase in my salary.
I saw my second baby's face first time after delivery. It was most happiest moment in the world to me as I was suffered a lot for the delivery.
I went to a concert with friends.
I helped someone at work and gave them positive encouragement. 
I danced the hokey pokey with my daughter
I had lunch with my mother at a nice Indian restaurant that we hadn't tried before.
New job with new responsibilities. 
My friend called me about a job lead, and I got the job.
My wife was able to do crow pose (Bakasana), an amazing yoga arm pose.   
I was able to fit into my skinny jeans again!
My son gave my awesome cuddles while we watched Sesame Street.
A moment that made me happy was when my daughter stood up and walked along the couch by her self for the first time. 
I was able to make a good bonus on a Mechanical Turk HIT I did.
I received good news from my doctor.
My daughter sent me a video of my Granddaughter.
My happiest of happy moments was when Benjamin crawled over to me and sat in my lap, grabbed my hands and put them around him to make me "hug" him.  
I talked to my sister on the phone.
During my daughter's parent teacher conference, the teacher told us our daughter is a model student - smart empathetic and ahead of the curve

The second moment that made me really happy was seeing me brand new god child. She is only three months old. Seeing the bond between her mother and her was amazing.  
I haven't logged in netflix in a while. When I did I saw Dave Chapelle, who is one of my all time favorite comedians, had TWO new specials! I haven't laughed so hard in a while. Just watched them last night. Still chuckling about some of the jokes.
My husband brought me flowers for no reason.
My girlfriend and I took a trip to St. Augustine to the World Golf Hall of Fame.
I enjoyed going to work and helping others less fortunate, get their homes in order.
Last month my niece came into to town to visit for her spring break, I took her out to eat and we had a great time.
The day my son, learned to ride a bike. He has medical issues and at 11 yrs old he was able to ride a bike with training wheels.
spending time with my wife and taking her to a movie and dinner that she has been waiting to see for a while 
My small booklet on Peritoneal Dialysis is now available in print form on Amazon.com as of last night. 
It made me happy to my 8 year old to the mall and Chuckie cheese this past Saturday.
we went to a sacred place shiridi and we also got darshan to the god easily without waiting for hours.we had a nice glance at the god.this made me very happy.
It was adapted into a stage musical in 2008, with film/theater actor Oh Man-seok debuting as director. Oh was also the lyricist and polished the script. The story centers around two guys who are crazy about music. One is a high school music teacher, Beom-jin, who has broken up with his girlfriend and now eats sadly alone in front of his mirror out of habit.
Taking my dog to her puppy class last Wednesday made me very happy.
I saw my horse lying down sleeping peacefully in the barnyard. 
I have printed a part with a 3D printer for my science project and it came really well.
My oldest son asked me to marry him and has been so excited to pick out his wedding clothes; he's been wearing bow ties since. 
I ran a 5K in under 30 minutes for the first time in my life.
I got an yearly bonus
Watching my 20 month old develop
My husband got a very nice evaluation from his boss.
I visited a friend I hadn't seen in a few months and re-connected.
My daughter's art has been selected into the county art show.  I am so proud of her.  
I found some gluten free Matzo at the grocery store. It made me happy because I can't eat gluten. It was also cheaper than I expected. It tastes good. 
Go to the work of theater in my daughter
We were outside on a beautiful day and went for a walk as a family. 
I got news that a friend of mine just had her offer approved to buy a house.
I was happy seven days ago when I celebrated my youngest son tenth birthday and my oldest son 21 birthday.
I rode my bike along the lake Saturday afternoon. 
I found a silver coin from 1852 buried in the sand of CapAo da Canoa beach, located in southern Brazil.
I have finally been able to afford myself the time to write the novel I've been fantasizing about for the past several years.
My fiancee went to visit her doctor and is no longer ill.
I saw a friend who I haven't seen in months.
I reached a weight loss goal last week.
Having my favorite dish, that is, french toast made me happy the past month.
I spent time with my extended family.
I had my first annual review in my job post college and it went really well, better than I had expected.
I was able to get my car jumped and found out I do not need a new battery; I just need to clean it.
My daughter went to the bathroom all by herself.
My great nephew who is in fourth grade had a beautiful music program last night and it was so precious and so cute.  I couldn't stop smiling at all the effort they all put into it.  It made me so happy that my sister came from out of town and we are still having a blast!
My roommate brought me candy from across the country.
My mother sent me a gift card to my favorite clothing store for my birthday!
I got a very ggod review at work.
The excitement my daughter had when she got an A on her math test.
My son ceremony its very grand party held in reception hall all my relatives gathered and celebrated very well
I found my lost ring which I had been searching for since last 3 months
I am very happy that my youngest son who is an alcoholic had decided to try and stop drinking again for the fourth time in around 18 months.
Training my giant rescue pup and watching him succeed and overcome his separation anxiety.
My little girl took her first step by herself. 
It made me happy when my kids finished their dinner without complaining
When I found out how much our tax returns are going to be.
I went to a certain church where they were distributing shelter vouchers, and found out not only do they serve a free lunch, but it was cooked by a great chef, just like a real homemade meal.  Even garlic bread on the side, and real vegetables.  They do this once a week, and it's a pleasure and something to look forward to.
Seeing people whose articles I have read at a conference.
I was walking the golf course and really enjoyed seeing all of the spring flowers and trees blooming.  The colors are vivid and just beautiful.  Seeing them made my day.  
my youtube subscriber cross 100
I was told I was getting a raise. Nothing crazy, but I appreciate everything I get. 
My husband it having a good month at work.  His pay is mostly commission based, so we are very attentive on how well he's doing at work.  He had many big sales, and it's really taken financial pressure off of us.
 I got to drive a Ford Hybrid Titanium car . 
My husband bought a journal for us to write back and forth since we do not see each other much during the week.  I love to write and journal so it was especially touching. 
I spent most the night laughing and talking about life with a girl a met February. I laughed especially when she confessed she had feelings for me after spending so much time trying to hide it.  
I spent the day sharing my traditions and beliefs with like-minded community members alongside my son.
I bought a professional camera and an expensive lens to pursue my new hobby.
My extended family came to visit for the weekends and we had a blast catching up.
getting news that my wife got a raise and promotion
I Got promotion in my job working from my higher authorities.
When I saw the ultrasound of our baby move around.  It made me realize how precious life can be and its the little moments that make it all worth it. 
After traveling through a snowstorm and boarding a plane in freezing weather, arriving in a destination that was 80 degrees and sunny. 
I am cleaning out my house, and finding new found space to have in the home is making me feel content and happy. 
My mother surprised me by coming over and taking me out for dinner at my favorite Chinese restaurant on a Sunday evening.
I earned a bonus on my paycheck for a job well done on a project. I was not expecting it and it made me feel amazing because I felt proud of my work and respected.
I received my Nintendo switch in the mail in perfect working condition.
One of my uncle who cheated our land 14 years back and the court judgement was in favor of us and we got back our property last month which worth 80 thousand dollars. That moment was happiest one.
When I completed a dungeon level in a video game I was playing.
My dad gifted me a iPhone 7. I was thinking to buy this phone from long back and today iPhone was gifted
I was happy when I received gifts from my sister just for the sake of giving.
I was able to gain the ability to sell on ebay again.
My girlfriend got home from work and made me breakfast. She works night shift so usually when she gets home I'm sleeping and she goes ahead and goes to sleep in the other room. This particular morning I awoke to find her up and making the both of us a very nice breakfast. 
Being more financially conscious , i am wasting less money on things I can live without.
I practiced the piano and improved a lot at a piece I'm working on.
This morning I had a lively conversation with my wife about various news and also about plans for our house. 
My friend surprised me and threw a birthday dinner with all my friends 
A few days ago, I read a friend's social media post in which I was tagged as someone who is helpful.
Coming home at the end of the day to my dog. That always makes me happy all evening.

I had a vow renewal ceremony with my wife 2 weeks ago and I still feel completely in love.
The past month what made me happy was knowing my mom got to go to the Florida Keys and see the ocean for the 2nd time in her life. 
I had a great talk with my older brother, who told me about my share of an inheritance.
I was happy when I finished a book last month.
Watching my grandchildren jump on the trampolines at Get Air.
A member of the family got an award
Going to WWE Monday Night Raw. I finally got to see some of my favorite legendary wrestlers in person. It was so exciting and fun!
Having a date night with my husband away from our 2 children.
Listening to Charlie Parker play the song, "Wah-Hoo" the other day, reminded me yet again why I love music so much.
driving to the Nationals
I booked my flight for a Hawaii trip.
It made me feel happy this month when I got to go to the movies with my mother. I had not visited my mom in awhile so it was wonderful to spend the evening with her and just catch up on how our lives are going. 
I was able to get my work van up and running.
I was also happy this month because one of my stock that I had money in did very good for the day.
Being able to attend the wedding of my best friend.
I got to start a new job with a company I enjoy working for and with an increase in pay as well.
The day my sister got married I was surprised.
I was happy when I got coffee with a friend and we played a board game.
A friend surprised me at work and took me out to lunch.
I felt happy when my horrible cold finally began to improve.
My husbands representative for this VA claim called and updated me on everything going on and stated that everything looked extremely favorable for him to win his claim and recieve over three years of back pay.
Inviting a neighborhood girl in a hard situation to come live with us.
I ran into an old friend on the subway. 
I finished a computer game I'd been playing for a week.
As a big sports fan, I enjoyed watching my team win during the first round of the NCAA Men's basketball tournament.
Seeing my girlfriend for the day and taking the dog for a walk. 
When a friend of mine swiped for me so i could go into the dining hall 
Another thing that made me happy was getting back together with my ex boyfriend who I loved. We were together for over a year and took about a month break I think it was really good for us. 
I had a memory yesterday of an event that I attended with my friends
I finally found someone who would help organize my house.
I was happy when my boyfriend came home after being out of state for a week.
Woke up to a good morning text from a close friend.
For the first time ever I decided to invest in stock. I found and online place to do it called Loyal3.com and its perfect for people that's in my economic bracket (poor) that may not be able to purchase whole stocks and they let you buy and sell for free. well I invested in some stocks and my stocks went up not all of them, but most of them and so I was happy that I earned some money.
My cat making it out of surgery 
It made me happy that my boyfriend got a new better paying job about two weeks ago. 
I went out with friends. 
Yesterday i played a videogame without  thinking about what worries me.
go to my favorite clup
The second thing that made me happy was that i won a football match with my friends.
What made me happy in the past month was going to san Francisco 
Hanging out with my friends and feeling part of a group.
My mother told me she had a gift for me.
I got a surprise visit from my brother and his wife last week.
My grandmother called me and told me that her cancer was improving. 
I presented results for last month in a large meeting.
I was so happy to find out my best friend went out of her way to buy me a really nice, new, expensive, video card for my computer!
Receiving a check that I had been waiting on for a custom graphic design job I had completed and was ready to put everything into production.  This check was far more substantial in dollar amounts than most checks for my professional services rendered and without that check, I would not have had money to pay rent.  It came to me in just the nick of time to pay my rent.
It made me happy when I had this dream where I can walk outside and fly 
spending time in my kitchen, making home made peanut butter which was a success
I got an e-mail that I was accepted to a job, and I will be working full-time. 
Selecting my graduation ring.
helping my best friend to figure out what to do with an unhealthy relationship.
I had sighted 4 Tigers live in the jungle when I had gone on a safari to a wildlife park.
I found out that I had enough money to take a vacation this summer to the Caribbean!
My parents told me a get take a trip to Europe for a graduation present.
I went to party for my friend. because, she is selected for best student in college. we are celebrating this. its a biggest moment.
I have recently quit drinking. This has brought a lot of clarity to my life. It will help me progress my professional and personal life. 
Another thing that made me happy was finally cleaning the clutter out of the playroom.  
In my annual review at work today, my boss informed me that in addition to our annual cost-of-living increases, she put me in for an additional salary increase.
I was happy when the schedule for Anime Boston was released.
When my mom gave me extra money today so I didn't have to ask my Dad. 
My son is in prison and I had been feeling like a failure as a parent until he called me a few days ago and told me I was his hero and that I was a wonderful mother.
What made me happy this month is watching my son learn new things. 
I got hired by a company to teach some online education classes. 
I was accepted over other candidates for a front-office role at my place of employment.  After a long interview process, I was called and given a verbal job offer.
My son getting accepted to take the entrance exam for the vocational high school.
I got an business loan amount from bank after applying several times but finally i got it and i am very happy after seeing my loan amount.
I am currently trying to lose weight, and I have finally hit my weight loss goal.
I was made very happy when my husband was called for a job interview for a position that pays a lot more money than he makes now.
my daughter made me laugh
I am happy I discovered Amazon Turk to help me make a little extra cash on the side.
I was happy when my dogs were wrestling around and playing in such a fashion that made me laugh out loud.
I was able to complete a project I was working on and it turned out really well.
I was very happy to begin my new exercise routine. I already feel happier and healthier. Along with that I am eating healthy and feeling great!
In the past month i was very happy to see my favorite band in concert.
My birthday was at the beginning of the month and that was the day i made the decision to move to a new state.
I was happy watching my daughter playing with her dolls and telling a story with them.
I seen an airshow.
I made chocolate clusters with toasted almonds.
My boyfriend told me he loved me for the first time.
today i worked out and finished a very hard work out, i even went and lifted some weights after.
The time I saw my friend after so long and we had dinner.
Being able to earn a blue card which meant that I had certain new privileges as a stroke patient. 
The Day  my baby born
The day I found out I was getting a $700 bonus for my performance at my work.
I was happy to meet my friend from highschool, I didnt meet him since 3 years.
I went outing with my childhood friends
I made out with a really cute guy.
I had a good time watching a movie.
The trees broke bud and flowers are starting to bloom, meaning that spring is here.
Seeing the bond that takes place between mothers and their neonates.
I was able to get outside and take a walk in the sunshine.
My husband surprised me with my favorite treats.
doing successful in my projects
Seeing the new Archer TV series season 7 released to Hulu last night.
Watching my oldest daughter help a friend with her baby without being asked.
Playing with my parents dogs. They are like my own babies. I just love being with those little Frenchies! It is a happy time for me.
I interviewed for a job position at my favorite city.  I went to San Diego and spent the week with my wife there.  I had a great interview.  I think i got along with the people who are hiring.  It was a great experience. I  have a good feeling with this.
Today I was able to give out coats to my co-workers for an upcoming event.
I attained my BFFS marriage.
I became extremely happy when my nephew was born!
I did a ton of research online to figure out the best parts to build my PC with. After days of research, I finally decided on a good combination, and was extremely happy about how well I handled it, and how good my PC was for the price.
I got to see an old friend in california.
My daughter started walking, and has gotten much better in the past few days.
I received a very favorable review and additional merit raise at work
I was able to catch an action picture of a woodpecker building a nest.
Received a promotion at my job that totally came as a shock, not that I did not think I deserved it, but the contrary, there were hints for well over a month. It was sooner than I thought!
Another happy moment was when I got my hair, nails, and make up done for a fashion show.
I spent time in downtown Nashville, Tennessee, ate at a roof top resturant and enjoyed the overall feel of the city.
My grandmother made me a pie for my birthday.
My boyfriend took me to play bingo and I finally won which really made me happy because I was needing some extra money.
Someone told me I had a heart of gold.
I finished a book and enjoyed a nice, warm day in the sun.
My boyfriend said he loved me for the first time.
Spending time with my kids playing games.
I helped a woman in a parking lot get her car started because she had locked the wheel and couldn't turn the ignition. 
I received a 97% on a speech I gave for my public speaking class.
I heard that my nephew, who has a genetic disorder, received some test results that the whole family has been anxiously awaiting, and it was very good news! 
My happy moment was when I got me a car
My supervisor chose me for additional training so I can work on a special and prestigious contract.
Shit chat with with my colleague during tea break and lunch time
I got to spend time with my dad's family. We sat outside in the rain and roasted hotdogs over a bonfire.
A patient complimented me on being a good nurse, saying I was the only person who had helped him.
My daughter made a 100 on her vocabulary test.
I successfully learned how to hover in a helicopter. 
When I booked a vacation for my birthday since I haven't taken time off in nearly 6 months. 
My oldest son, after having a rough first few games in his first competitive baseball season, was one of two players on his team to score and he put the ball in play both times he was up to bat.
I was happy to get my paycheck and see an increase in my bank account. This made me happy since I got more money than I thought I had. 
I spent the day alone with my nephew as his sister was at a birthday party with her mom. We went for a scooter ride around the block and he told me he remembers when it used to be just me and him everyday. I told him he was right and he stated that was before my sister was born. When his sister returned home from the party she joined us on the back deck where we were playing with legos. She had to go inside to change and my nephew looked at me and said Ah just you and me again.
I was happy when I got a raise at work. 
When my girlfriend told me that we had vacation plans for this summer, and we booked a cabin for a week.
I got a promotion at work, which also came with a pay raise and a new job title. 
I started playing an app game (mobile strike) because I really liked the interactive ad. It wasn't at all like the ad, but I figured out how to change Arnold Schwarzenegger's face into that of a girl who looks gay, which I'm into. I also figured out how to get a 3 day peace thing so no one will attack me and I can just keep going without doing any of the fighting stuff. 
My 2 year old used the potty yesterday for the first time it was so exciting. He was so proud of himself it made me very happy. 
One of my friends got married a couple weekends ago.
Having nice weather to grill out makes me happy.
I was happy when my boyfriend agreed to go on a road trip through the southwest and said to start planning the details.
I was incredibly happy when I got my order from Trades of Hope and not only loved the items that I purchased, but also found out that the bag I had bought purchased a chick that was given to a family in Africa. 
I received $150 check from a class action lawsuit.
I had lots of good food on a daily basis, particularly, there is shave ice and rice dishes, noddle dishes and other very good food.
I am dating a girlfriend.
Someone complimented my style of clothing while walking along the bike path outside.
I was happy last week when my husband and I went on a movie date. 
I was happy when I found out 12 days ago that I matched into an Orthopaedic Surgery residency program at the medical school I am currently attending!
Driving on a beautiful stretch of highway on a beautify spring day. The road was not full of busy cars and trucks, and most of the drive was just incredible scenery.
I conducted a job interview with a company that I really wanted to work for, and I feel that I did very well. 
Just yesterday after I showed my artwork to a professor, he said that it is "wonderful, great idea". 
I was happy when I received an email requesting that I get paid to write an article.
I have been trying to get a promotion at work and today I heard today that I'm in the high running. I've been trying for this promotion for months and it's very exciting that I'm almost there. 
My husband was able to make love to me for the first time in a very long time.
I was chosen for a different position that I applied for at my work and now enjoy it and make more money.
When I weighed myself and my weight was down two pounds from the previous week. 
I seen my friend who is working in Army. We had spend more time to visit many places.
I was happy when the group of kids I teach after school piano to finally could play through a warm up music sheet of quarter notes and half notes.
 You can do this while you clean, while you make the bed, or while you walk the dog. Texts and emails do not count! Make an actual phone call to a loved one, just to chat and catch up. We humans are social beings and studies show that even when we don't feel like it, even if we are naturally introverted, socializing with our loved ones makes us feel better. 
I got a new game I got to play. 
What made me happy is that I am finally graduating college this year and moving on with my career.
I got to see my favorite patient at work yesterday.
Riding my bicycle along the coast on a warm sunny day.
Made a souse of my own.
News of my son getting a hike in his salary
I planted some vegetables in my grandfather's garden.
My school friends came to visit me after many years
When we booked our honeymoon for late November 2017.
I went on a movie date with my girlfriend to watch Beauty and the Beast a week ago. 
I got selected as Cheif of National Green Tribunal
Yesterday I was looking outside my  house, some children playing cricket by looking them i was remembered my childhood days 
Salary bonus. This time I got a promotion and a bonus which made me happy a lot after four awaited years.
My friend that lives in California came to visit.
when i was sleep last week early morning my 3 years girl baby come and she also slept as she used me as her bed. really i enjoyed lot
I had my top-selling day of all time (selling video games) on Amazon.
I finally decided to start fishing season.
when i left work
I was at an art store buying transfer paper for the same project and I was being helped by a young lady. We made small talk and I found out that she is an artist and student and very very broke. I imagined how tough it must be to be an artist who works at an art store and not be able to buy supplies most of the time because you can't scrape the money together. So I asked her advice on a gift for a friend, I needed her to tell me her favorite pencils so that I would know I was getting something high quality and useful.  Anyway she helped me pick out some pens and they were pretty expensive. As I was paying for them she asked if I wanted them wrapped up. I told her I didn't think so because they were for her. I could tell that made her day and making her day made me super happy for at least 3 days more.
One of our family friend from Dhubai has planned to settle down in India. So he has invited us to come and stay for a small vacation. My wish is to take my parents at least once there and here it has fulfilled by booking the air tickets. So by next month this time we will be enjoying our vacation in Dhubai.
Everyone are very eager to have fun.
Dinner with team
Watching a new anime that I enjoyed
I was so happy when the couch we got online came and turned out to be better then we thought.
Last Sunday I was approached by three different women on my way home from hanging out with friends. This was a first for me, let a lone it happen three consecutive times in a row. It was super flattering and made me feel good about myself.
My wifes phone got damaged last month and she only using that one and never complained of it, i was financially very tight at that time to afford an android phone.  One day i was waiting near the bus stop to pick her from office i seen one board saying that you will get android phones on EMI basis, all of a sudden i rushed to the showroom and provided legal documents and got one phone and gifted to my wife.  She was happy with that and it was a selfie phone and we always taking selfies.
That was my first International trade fair visit and this was such a happy experience that I still feel a great joy reciting the memory of this event. It was march 2017 and that time.

I was happy when I celebrated my sister's birthday with my family.
I got a very decent raise and bonus from my current job last week, which really helped me out financially. 
I bought a brand new car.
I saw her on airport with face that I missed all days
i love to travel to countries in the last few years but i got a chance to travel places in last month
last week my husband took me to temple for an important celebration
My received second price in state level yoga competition.
Last month i have attended a comedy show, which was very funny and i was laughing fully till the show was completed. we enjoyed a lot. every body was laughing and enjoying the jokes by forgetting all their worries. It was a happy moment i can remember.
My husband appeared for his master's exam and he got passed in his first attempt. That made me happy. 
My friend likes to help others and she often likes to arrange visits to different orphanages. On one of her visits, she invited us all. As I was free that day, I had decided to go. First, I wasnat excited at all. It didnt know what I would do when I would reach there. It was in the plan to reach the place at 2 p.m. I went before time and started to wait for others.
My exam results are good.
I bought a new desktop for myself to primarily play video games on. 
I met my parents.
I GOT A SURPRISE GIFT FROM MY EX-LOVER
seeing I have lost weight!
I got some new stickers in the mail.
The weather got much warmer and I felt like ti was the start of Spring.
getting a good grade on my finals 
Being able to take my grandparents out to eat for lunch
my daughter brought home good grades this month
I listened to some songs I enjoy.
Today, I have earned much more on mTurk than I expected myself to for my daily goal.
What made me happy was buying myself a new pair of shoes.
I got really high last night and binge watched Love. I laughed so much and just had the best alone time I've had in awhile
I started practicing mindful meditation. The first few days I was really angry. But now that I've learned how to do it right it's like sleep to me. It calms me and makes me extremely Pleasant. Considering I'm an a******. Other people around me appreciate it.
This past month I was happy when I was sitting outside in the backyard watching my children play on the swing set that I had just put together for them the night before.
Able to pay off a lot of bills and save my car.
I won a raffle on an Mturk hit for a bonus $20.
I got 2 hours of uninterrupted time and used it to play video games.
When I got home for the weekend and saw my kids playing together, they are young so it was nice to see.
Having dinner and watching a movie wth my mother after not seeing her for a while made me happy this month. 
all of my friends and family come to my home and celebrate the party
i was able to be a good person 
The big event that happened this month that left me just beaming with joy, was i didn't expect anyone at my job to remember my birthday at all, i don't talk about it or really celebrate it. So come lunch time i was drug out of my office and into the conference room where everyone was waiting with a cake and sang happy birthday to me.
I went to Costco for the first time in a couple years. I used to always enjoy going there several years ago and buying things in bulk and not having to shop for the rest of the month.
When i found out i made an A on my midterm made me happy. 
I had a long conversation with my husband and it was a lot of fun.
When I didn't have to pay for electric bill for one entire month.
Finding ten dollars on the ground near the 7-11 convenience store on my way back home walking.
Last week, my girlfriend and I had a sock war while folding laundry.
i made a new flavor of homemade ice cream.
One thing in the past month that made me really happy was when it was my husband's birthday about a month ago and I worked really hard to bake him a Star Wars cake because he loves Star Wars and I made one in the shape of Darth Vader and then topped it with dark chocolate truffles that were in the shape of Stormtrooper heads that I had gotten out of a mold I bought and he really loved it and seeing his face when I presented him the cake made me really happy. 
I had a delicious milk shake from a popular hotel.
I surprised my wife with a letter on our 13th month of marriage.
I got gas for only $1.96 a gallon.
Helping my girlfriend's mother move.
The Greek men's soccer team almost beat Belgium in a World Cup qualifying match.
I bought and ate some jelly beans for the store.
I attained my cousin brother's wedding ceremony and enjoyed a lot.
A woman using a DNA search discovered that her birth mother was a deceased cousin of mine and I was able to send her an 18K gold pocket watch with her grandmother's and grandfather's initials engraved on it.
An old friend reached out to me on social media, and we are now planning a visit with each other. 
I was finally able to fix a broken door after more than a month.
I was happy when the local radio station played one of my favorite old-school rap songs.
I solved a personal conflict with a friend with good communication and mutual love
The day I saw that my ex was scratched up from head to toe.
I got to visit my aunt that I haven't seen in a long time.
We went to the Hunt Ball and I wore my new dress and new costume jewelry and got lots of compliments.
going to beach 
My boss put in my raise a few weeks ago and it was higher than I was expecting. I really need the money so this is great news. I'm very happy.
My daughter has been singing a lot recently.
NEWS  PAPPER   READING
I was given a contract to complete a creative project.
Last month I completed my second 10 day cleanse with no cheating, and a total of 9 lbs lost for my effort.
Going shopping alone without any children in tow.
Within the last month I have been happy to learn that my best friend got his old job back and that his finances will be much better off for it.
Work gave us a pampering day where they fed us and we got a 15 minute massage.
I bought a new pair of shoes.
I lost three pounds.
Eating at some fancy buffet.
I reorganized my basement. I gave all of my kids toys a place and was able to sweep and clean windows before the kids destroyed it all over again. 
I won 100 dollars on a scratch lottery ticket.
I could save a struggling dog from a deep well
I got good news from a government agency about how they're going to pay for all my training to re-enter the work force.
Was sick for 2 weeks, now I am better and not having to work as hard at everything. 
I taught a bible study class at my church and it went well, people were happy with the content.
Babysitting my grandchildren
I got a call from my best friend who was very angry with me for months.
I talked on the phone with a friend I hadn't seen or spoken to in a year or so. 
My husband who is Egyptian and traditional took me out and was nice to me. We set aside our cultural conflicts for a while and had a bit of piece.
I spent a dinner with my family and had good food.
I took some friends of mine to go see a movie that we all wanted to see and we all enjoyed it.
I got a promotion at work.
I did some vigorous exercise today, which recharged me. 
A couple met with an accident, me and my friends immediately took them to the nearby hospital. Now they are doing well. 
My wife surprised me and bought me a new I-phone 6 so i could upgrade from the 4.
got off probation. i won a lotto scratch off. i finally cussed somebody off that needed it.
I was able to relax and enjoy having some free time to myself.
I buy a new plant
Enjoying a lovely dinner with my husband after returning home from four days on the road.  We checked out a restaurant we had not been to before and were able to catch up on each others weekend.  
When my brother told me he and his wife were expecting baby number two. 
I purchased a lottery scratch off ticket and won $250 dollars.
I got bonus money from my Bank for maintaining good credit all the year round.It was a small amount but money is something which always gives satisfaction whenever obtained from anywhere.
I brought my dog to the dog park for the first time. 
I was happy to celebrate the 1st birthday of my friend's son.
I complete my final exam and received a high grade.
Last weekend, my husband was asked to give a presentation at a big tech meetup in a few weeks, I'm very proud of him!
I watched the Walking Dead with my girlfriend, it is one of the shows we always watch together and I cherish those nights and times.
My daughter drew a picture for me.
My best friend and I scored two  free tickets to a concert we'd been wanting to see but neither of us could really afford.
I sold a couple copies of my new album.
I rescue a kitten which was very hungry and dehydrated but is now thriving, and I'm extremely happy.
i won employee of the month
I was happy when I started working on Mturk again.
I felt happy last month because I was able to get better rest 
Going for a long bike ride with my dad
I listened to my favorite band while doing the dishes and chores last week and I smiled the whole time. 
I love watch movies with my partner
I received my quarterly bonus at work.
I met a really attractive woman at a local bar.
My baby started sleeping through the night after not sleeping through the night for several months.
A good friend offered to pick me up and take me to an art class with her.
I watched a movie that I thoroughly enjoyed.
My granddaughter took first place in her gymnastic completion!
I bought my new motor cycle.  
My friend came over and watched a new movie with me and we ordered pizza.
Today I managed to replace my toilet handle for the first time by myself which made me happy.
I went for a friends night out, last month, and I was very happy.
Stepping foot on the MV Explorer for the first time was probably the happiest moment of my life. I'm not one to be overdramatic, but I really felt like my whole life had led up to that point.
Background:
Three weeks into my sophomore year in college, I worked a study abroad fair and found out about this AMAZING program called Semester at Sea. Basically you go on a cruise ship that was remodeled to be a floating university and study with world-renown professors as you travel around the world. Four weeks into my second year in college, I had a stroke in my brainstem. I remember finding the brochure for Semester at Sea and bawling my eyes out because everyone told me I'd never walk, let alone travel internationally again. Fast forward a few years and I'd recovered amazingly well from the stroke but now knew I have a genetic disease which was making me pretty sick. I sign up for Semester at Sea because I can be sick at home or be sick traveling the world. The later has better vistas. I undergo experimental surgery which dramatically (although temporarily) improves my symptoms, pack up my bags, and am ready to go.
As embarkation day got closer, I grew more and more scared that something was going to prevent me from getting on that ship. I was going to injure myself or get worse symptoms again or there was going to be a bloody hurricane or something. I had already tried to study abroad twice but complications from surgery had prevented me both those times. When I finally walked onto the ship, I realized that I had made it. I was about to start living my dream against all odds. And oh man was it worth every bit of work and anxiety and hope I put into getting there. It was the best and most meaningful experience of my life and it was even better because I felt like I had earned it.
I went to chipotle and the server game me way more food than usual.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

I want to see beauty. In the ugly, in the sink, in the suffering, in the daily, in all the days before I die, the moments before I sleep.
my mum recover fastly from severe cancer 
My daughter treated me today to a full house cleaning. 
past month my boss gifted me one gift set for my performance in my office. which makes me happy.
I learned that family members are coming to visit.
I tasted a piece of apple tart pie at a restaurant that I had wanted for months.
MY GROUP members tries to do the college project for our educatiion. It really difficult to do that.So we are work hard and get the good results of output. finally we got that result output. this makes us really happy for the past month. 
And for me it is dream project that i always like to do that. 
Getting back from Germany. I missed montana
When I got a promotion at my work beating out all the competition. 
I was able to spend a whole day talking to my best friend.
Seeing a cute dog down the block
I had a great day at the climbing gym and really toasted all of my muscles.
I visited my parents.
Yesterday i solved my friend's family problem, i feel happy.
I will play with my puppy dog
Getting to hang out with my sister and her boyfriend over the weekend was a happy moment because i haven't had the chance to see them in about a month or so and I really missed spending time with them. 
Something that made me happy in the past month was trying a new recipe and it coming out great. 
I enjoyed shopping for my son's birthday.
My team win the cricket match.
I read a magazine that I really enjoyed.
I m very happy when my boss ask to me that she promoted me in senior management.
My girlfriend bought me a mug with the inscription. I love you
Something that made me happy in the past month was helping a co worker who had injured himself complete his work.
when i have a daughter. her name is bihu, she is my life today, when she is born that time i felt i am the very lucky man in the world.
I wrote my first pilot (a TV show that takes place in Hell).
I won $100 on the Powerball last weekend.
Nowadays, happiness is a fuzzy concept and can mean many different things to many people. Part of the challenge of a science of happiness is to identify different concepts of happiness, and where applicable, split them into their components. Related concepts are well-being, quality of life and flourishing. At least one author defines happiness as contentment.[6] Some commentators focus on the difference between the hedonistic tradition of seeking pleasant and avoiding unpleasant experiences, and the eudaimonic tradition of living life in a full and deeply satisfying way.
watching a hockey game and seeing my team win it in overtime.
I watched the last episode of Luke Cage tonight. 
My tomato plants sprouting made me happy.
We had some friends from out of town visit us for 5 days.
My boyfriend talking about having kids with. Me yesterday.
The day with my pet.its name is tommy
My family went to two day tour in a historical place. 
Being able to pay all my bills without feeling stressed out.
I've been traveling a lot lately, I've been to China on business trip and back at least once every month and twice in July and August (Yes I've been to China 4 times in two months. I've eaten all the varieties of airplane food they offer, I've watch all the movies they have
When we painted our home in my favorite color
I was happy when I found out my job is expanding. 
Found a very well made and very well hidden geocache with my girlfriend.
In these moments I am still happy after this week, to continue advancing in my projects and to enjoy next to my family of the life of a very healthy way.
I made many shots in an outdoor 5-on-5 basketball game.
Shopping for a new TV and decided on a 55 inch 4K smart TV.
I met the woman of my life, which is very beautiful.
Going on a job interview for a place I really want to work.
Last month, my son told me, appa (dad) I am not going to school, and also I want to change my school system. That new systems to be in online for children, and they didn't go to school. They can study in the home itself. Hearing this I laughed and also informed me the benefits in the direct contact classes. Finally he did not convince, but said ok. 
It was a long day with my mom in the hospital, I didn't have much money but decided to get myself a sub(my favorite) from Jersey Mike's and by chance it was free. Just felt for a moment like things can work out.
I went to see a movie with my friends.
I paid off a credit card balance that I had for 2 years! 
My dog jumped into a ring after one day practice.
I purchased a new TV that I've been saving up for for quite some time.
One other thing that made me pretty happy in the past month was hanging out with someone I'd always wanted to. We were on a field trip for a college class and while the rest of the class went off together she suggested she and I stay together. I got to know her so well and learned we have so much in common.
I spent more time with my loved one
Watching my favorite NBA basketball team win.
I made a great deal more money on mTurk this month.
I got to spend almost all day with my daughter going to eat lunch and then we went shopping.
I share my school day memories with my child.
My child had their first preschool get together and it went well, which made me very happy
i am going to new movie on sunday with my family and friends
Last week I donated some money for a charity. I attend a religious meeting and donated a reasonable amount of money for homeless children. Donating something is the best feeling in the world.
When my mother got finalized stay for transfer in abroad
I had a good experience that we are involving in a same continuous statements that are to be involved in farthest condition
I planted a bunch of veggie and herb seeds a week ago and they are sprouting like crazy!
i am very happy in family tour and watching movie playing game
Finishing my thesis on 15th february was probably the third and most happy moment of last month. It took more than expected to finish it but it really pay off after doing so much research and completing something that I really wanted to do, specially after going "against" the typical research topics in my career. 

I got 89 out of 100 for my thesis presentation, being the highest ranked thesis in the whole classroom. 
Winning lottery ticket
My pussy cat will give birth to two cute babies.
I started working out regularly and I can feel the difference.
Getting to see my dog after a visit to the vet. My dog had a routine checkup and they had to keep him overnight because he was showing signs of parasites but it looks like everything okay.
I helped my son get his truck running.
This is more like a "rewarding" feeling rather than one of total happiness, but I was happy when I made extra money to pay for extra expenses in my life and to pay my credit cards on. I'm almost always broke so I'm always happy and grateful when I make extra money to help myself to progress further in life.
I was happy when my cat snuggled with me in the morning before I had to get up for work.
One of my best friends invited me to hang out with her--I haven't seen her in three years.
I see a funny video which is shared by my friend John.
my team PLAYING WELL 
My husband received a bonus at work. 
My girl friend had to work ovr the weekend, but she got three days off during the week.
I got a great text from an old friend the other day. It was about high school memories, and it made me smile!
After completing my research on economic indicators and volatility versus long-term returns on broad equity indices, it made me realize how useless historical and implied volatility of stock prices are in investing, and that one potential alternative to price volatility is operational volatility of individual companies. As strange as it may sound, it was at that moment that I felt content/happy that financial markets can be analyzed from so many different perspectives, and that there will, most likely, always be something to analyze.
Watching my daughter smile and laugh as she jumped in puddles made me happy.
I am happy that I received my badge to the WonderCon convention in Anaheim, which I'll be attending this coming weekend.
My son did exceptionally well on his Psat's.
Definitely I tell you this is not my favourite birthday oh god this moment I can't agree
When I was in a class and it was just a welcoming and friendly environment. All he students could work together.
I recently made a presentation at work that I have been dreading for weeks and felt very upbeat and proud of myself after it was finished.
I cooked a meal alone.
My cousin brother got awarded for his shortfilm
When I went shopping for some new clothes.
I took my daughter to her first St Patrick's Day parade.
I learned this trick from Marilyn Paul's clever book, It's Hard to Make a Difference When You Can't Find Your Keys. It's a known fact: Clutter causes stress; order creates a haven from it. This mood-boosting routine is simple: Take about three minutes to bring each room back to "ready" before you depart it.
I had lunch with my cousin. 
My happy moment was my husband making me dinner.
I won some money on a lottery scratch ticket.
I was sparring at boxing class and knocked out my opponent.
After drinking a cola, I had to use the rest room, so finally after a hour of holding it I was able to relieve myself. 
I have always wanted to bake chocolate cake but have never attempted to. One evening, I was craving some, but all the stores where already closed. I decided to bake some and it turned out to be delicious. I was very full and extremely satisfied, for it fulfilled my craving.
WE ARE GO TO OUTING WITH MY PARTNER
I am happy when I get to relax at home after work
When I received a bouquet of flowers, unexpectedly, from my husband.
Helped the neighborhood kids to learn swimming in our backyard pond. 
my college friends are conducting get together meet in last month seeing of my friends after so many days i feel happy and i remember my happiest movements in an college days
I make one short film near my home town about natural photography.
Something that made me happy this month was getting a new insulated reusable bottle to hold hot or cold drinks. 
My financial barriers have lessen by a great amount because of the bonus payment received from my company.
During a recent staff meeting at the office, I was awarded with a 10 year plaque of service.
my daughter stood first in an international exam at school
I got to talk to a friend I haven't spoken too in a long time. I got reconnected to them through Facebook.
when i finally graduated in college thru the years handwork and pain. blood and sweat to finish my course.
I finished knitting my first sweater after working on it for weeks.
My whole family and I got together to celebrate an aunt's 96 birthday.
suddenly my college friend called me .she was very close to me .  more than 15 years we are not in touch . Because I changed the phone no forget to send the no to my college friend  . How she got  the phone number  I don't know . That call made me . It was very fun & enjoyable moment.
I've been terribly depressed recently, I've lost a dear friend and a love of my life in the past month, I've lost my car (and as an apprentice to become a chef means I can't afford another for quite some time) I've been transferred to a different kitchen against my will, my body is finally starting to catch up with me in the form of my back hurting constantly and in turn I've been so terribly sad that it's hard to get out of bed, it's hard to clean my house, it's hard to shower and finally last week, after going a week with out a shower I finally got in. 
I found a shiny penny and believe that it was sent from my mother in Heaven.
Approximately three weeks before I had a problem in my laptop which I thought would take up several dollars to make it up.But I decided to do it all by myself.I searched internet for solutions and I myself diagnosed my laptop.Glad that I saved several dollars .It was also not an easy job yet felt happy anyway.
I was happy when I left skype.
That my wife and I have paid off a debt and we are on the right track with our finances, Thanks to God.
I went to a Korean boy band concert with a friend, and really enjoyed their dance moves.
I had good sex with my wife.
Smoking perfect pork shoulder for a family dinner.
My wife and I signed up our son for little league baseball.
15 days before i took dinner with my family it is very beautiful moment in that time
got high bonuses from my job which is i'm getting regularly
I was able to help a client today and I felt very proud, useful, and happy - especially because my depression has been making me feel really useless lately.
I had built my first PC build and its not as hard as I once thought it was. I'm new to this whole thing an have done a little research as well for my next build. I'm currently waiting on AMD's Ryzen 5/3 to drop and also AMD's vega gpu. oh the good times are not too far away my friend.
I took my sister and nieces out to a nice lunch.
I fell down
I've got a new laptop and it works really well.
I bought my niece a new bike for her birthday. She was happy, I was thrilled. Watching her try and fall, but finally succeed in riding the bike was quite a joyful experience.
My parents called me to a electronics showroom and asked me to select my favorite mobile phone and they gifted it to me . I felt so happy to receive that gift 
My grandpa has recovered from his long illness.
My kid got first place in state level yoga championship and received a cash award.
I bought a new video game and played it with my daughter. The graphics were amazing, the story was intriguing and the game itself was a lot of fun. Both my daughter and I enjoyed the game a lot and look forward to finishing it soon.
I saw the film "Zootopia."
I got an interview at a very big international company after being out of work for months.
My child helped me in finishing my work done and it made me feel happy
Last month, I Went out for dinner with my family to a big restaurant and it was a happy moment
My husband started a second job that will bring enough money to cover our monthly budget!
My son has decided to try for his PhD. I am so happy and proud of him.
I bought latest mobile phone with all the facilities, it made me happy
Babysiting the baby I watch during the week makes me happy. Stress free moments 
I would have to say , I was a pretty well rounded at sports as a child, but only solitary sports. I was one of the last picked for a team for most of my childhood. Amazingly , I was okay with that. I loved to ride my bike and rode it to and from work in junior high. I would ride with my friends all summer long around town. This was our freedom, these were our wheels to get to where we wanted to go. I swam every summer at the local pool, even the swim team. But never at high school level with the girls at school. I guess you could say, fear held me back somewhat. I powerwalked into my 20as, joined a gym for awhile. Started yoga in my 30as and them started having babies. Gained too much weight, 11 years later still carring it around. For awhile I been talking to myself , saying you needs this , your body need to move.But, with 4 kids I have let everyone else's needs come before my own. I also started with a whole new kind of fear, that something could happen to me and where would my children be. Crazy how we sometimes let our negative self cheat us out of life sometimes. But I can say with much joy now it is my children , now that they are older are bringing the old comfortable me back. We got kayaks this summer and have had a absolute awesome time with them. They are the best, what a feeling of peace floating along and paddling on Flathead Lake , Montana. I stared yoga again and Iam walking more. Although I started walking because of my overweight Lab Slick. In the end we both needed that exercise.Iam finding my peace again, that peace that each of us get from being active and in our breath. Life is so short to live with self doubt and fear, so Iam going to try and wear it out! To be a champion for my kids and keep them active and be active for them!!!! How I found my new found love for sports again|MY AWESOME KIDS!!!!!!
My boyfriend/fiancee/life partner noticed I was under the weather without my saying so and proceeded to wait on me hand and foot, take care of the animals, clean the house, and make sure I was at the epitome of comfort on one of our very few days off of work. 
I did well in my lab work.
Last month, I sat with my children and helped in their studies.  When they got good marks in their preparatory exams, I was really thrilled.
Receiving a phone interview request to the internship I applied for 
My sister's kid's finished their exams and came home for vacation and i am happy with their presence at home as the home is feeling lively,noisy with the kids around and i enjoy it.
My bank had made wrong transactions on my account  and were able to rectify and have the right figures.
Being out with my husband and going doing regular things, like we went to sort out his 91 year old father's financial issues and then to the mall on Monday and we were alone without our daughter. We have no back up for childcare so it was a rare time it was just the two of us. I felt happy just holding his hand walking in the mall. 
I went to Souplantation which I hadn't gone to in a long time.
i am happy that there are certain things in the world need from me i am willing to give into that also i like my privacy.. THis hit is wonderful always gettting me some money just for a 5 minutes of work.
after that i had my ooty trip to enjoy my life with friend there was an shooting point i meat my favorite hero and heroine that feel me an heart less moment i enjoyed a lot with them taking selfieeeeee and had some snacks with them that felt me an happy moment i was really happy to see them really in my life
I stepped on the scale and learned that I was down ten more pounds.
When I replaced the brakes on my car.
In last month i went to black thunder , it is a amusement park . my family enjoyed a lot .
make some dishes with my friends for enjoying trip in kodaikanal tourist place.  the foods are very tasty and that is my first time cooking.
When my pets greeted me when I had arrived home.
I became the representative of a large group of young people.
Past month my cousin got a visa for US and I'm going to fly along with her to US as I already have a visa for US for vacation 
My hacked mturk account was restored after 1 week of hacking.
when i joined for a job
A special gift from my dad
I got a gift from my wife without any reason.
Seeing my family after being gone for five months.
I've been keeping up with work and customers seem to be very happy with my customer service.
I managed to make my bus connections seamlessly. This cut my transit time down 15 minutes, and I was able to get home to my awaited package earlier. 
I cleared exam for a coveted job.
I won a carom championship which was held last month and it was a thrilling final which i won and i was really happy to have won that match 
When we bought new flat in our home town and shifted to our newly built home. 
I bought a new and expensive watch last month.
Whatever your spiritual beliefs a or non-beliefs a may be, studies show that connecting to a high power is correlated with happiness. Just stepping back to realize that we are part of an enormous universe can put some perspective on your annoyance with the those-are-definitely-not-mine-and-they-are-abso-fricking-nan-repulsive socks under the coffee table. Before bed, spend just a few minutes contemplating something larger than yourself. Take a walk in nature. Write in a journal. Create a sacred space in your home. (Or if spirituality is really not your thing, create a home spa: light some candles, soak in a hot bath, delve into a good booka| are you feeling better yet?)
Selling furniture and cleaning and clearing out and organizing my apartment. Turning my apartment into my home instead of just my "crash pad" and feeling good about improving the space I inhabit and by extension my life. Taking the time to care for myself is so important and needed.
We had a trip to hill station with my family.  It was so much fun and fantastic. 
I played a game of cards with my brother after a very long time
i got a payment from amazon,was made me very happy 
My favorite soccer team won the big final of the local tournament, I was in the stadium supporting him and then we went out to celebrate the victory my friends and me.
My determination made me happy
I sent a jocular email to my younger brother last week, congratulating him on achieving 'halfway past fifty', and I reflected for a moment that it was truly amazing that we have both lived this long.
I was informed that my wife got a 6% pay increase which is  a lot compared to the usual 1.5% most employees usually get so I was very happy and proud of her.
I bought my granddaughter a new bike for her birthday. She was happy, I was thrilled.i was very happy.It was a beautiful day. I took my iPad and a glass of wine, at 4 o'clock in the afternoon.Get together with old friends.We know that sleep helps our bodies to recover from the day and repair themselves, and that it helps us focus and be more productive. It turns out, itas also important for our happiness.
This is the season of lent and we got an opportunity to help the needy people. By Jesus mercy we were enable to give some needy and useful things to a near by home run for the handicapped and mentally retarded girl children and we thank our lord for giving us this wonder chance and this is also one my happiest moment.
Last month my son got his first trophy in the tennis match and i was very happy and he was very excited to see me his trophy and i took him out for dinner and spend the evening happily with him.
the happiest movement is change to person to person and time to time, as far as regarding my happiest movement is concerned when i completed my high school, it is definitely an unforgettable movement for me all my family members was waiting my result, it was just momentum movement.
I had really good haircut done in last month which made me happy.
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
I got the news of my promotion to a higher post.

My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
I went to a conference where I got to meet a lot of new people and strengthen the bonds I had with my existing friends.
I was happy that my dog was walking fine again, the day before he was walking slow and I thought that maybe he had finally gotten old, but the next day he was as active as ever, he walked ahead of me again.
We started planning our wedding.
I purchased a new video game console for my room. 
past month our family attended a marriage function.all my friends and colleges and my relatives are get in one place ans we enjoyed lot
Me and my friend burst sky crackers during the night time which made he feel happy, since it was a small family gathering. 
past month our family attended a marriage function.all my friends and colleges and my relatives are get in one place ans we enjoyed lot
I moved into a new apartment and it is so wonderful.  I am so happy because the new apartment is so bright and clean.  It makes me happy every day thus far.
a outing with my friends last week end
I was happy when my girlfriend stopped talking to me and went to bed.
I spent time with a coworker outside of work.
Itas true that these two feelings are mutually exclusive, you just canat feel one way while feeling the other. Thatas a big reason to lean towards being happier more of the time.

It can be nearly impossible to go from angry to happy, so you're just looking for the thought that eases you out of your angry feeling and moves you in the direction of happiness. It may take a while, but as long as you're headed in a more positive direction youall be doing yourself a world of good.


My family and I went to the beach and splashed and played in the water and even saw some turtles.
When my best friend made a surprise visit while I actually was thinking about our old memories
I won a poker tournament.
I remember getting a message that made me happy just before the start of the second performance of our community play: my best friend had arrived back home for spring break.
My happiest moment in my life is getting the US visa cant forget anyway that moment in my existence.
My happiest moment in my life is getting the US visa cannot forget anyway the moment in my existence
My happiest moment in my life is getting the U.S visa cant forget anyway that moment in my existence.
Last month My sister-in-law birthday celebration unforgettable moments.
My happiest moment in my life is getting the U.S. visa cant forget anyway that moment in my existence.
Meeting my brother a long time.
FOR THE PAST MONTH I HAVE HELPED MANY POOR CHILDREN.THAT MOMENT WAS MAKING ME SUCH A WONDERFUL AND HAPPIEST...
Buying new cloths.
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT ON THE PAST MONTH WAS GETTING MASTER DEGREE FROM ANNA UNIVERSITY.
My happiest moment on the past month i celebrate a function with my family. I feel very happy 
my happiest moment last month was getting from master degree in Anna university.
myself and my friend had candle light dinner 
Earning 15 dollar in one sitting at mturk
MY HAPPINESS MOMENT FOR LIFE IN MY TYPE WRITING EXAM IN DISTINCTION .SO HAPPY MOMENT FOR LIFE.
My eyes are filled with tears after a big laugh. That celebrations made me happy always in my life. 
LAST MONTH I AM GOING TO EGO PARK WITH MY FAMILY, HAPPY MOMENT IN MY LIFE
went on a holiday for 3 days with my family
My eyes are filled with tears after a big laugh. that celebrations made me happy always in my life
My eyes are filled with tears after a big laugh. That celebrations made me happy always in my life.
My eyes are filled with tears after a big laugh. That celebrations made me happy always in my life.
My eyes are filled with tears after a big laugh. The celebrations made me happy always in my life.
I made an awesome lunch for the wife the other day. She is still complimenting me on how good it was! 
My eyes are filled withe tears after a big laugh. that celebrations made me happy always in my life.
my happiest moment last month was getting from master degree in Anna university
I made an awesome lunch for the wife the other day. She is still complimenting me on how good it was! 
TAKING A LONG  DRIVE ON A CALM ROAD WITH MY FAMILY MEMBER WHO LOVE ME ALWAYS.
Hanging out with my friends
I got an unexpected bonus in mturk.
When I decided to start living and eating healthier 3 weeks ago. Its amazing how more energetic I am.
My eyes are filled with tears after a big laugh. That celebrations made me happy always in my life.
 I FEEL VERY HAPPY BECAUSE PAST MONTH SPEND MY GRANDMOTHER HOUSE.HAPPIEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE
My eyes are filled with tears after a big laugh. That celebrations made me happy always in my life.
I purchased a new watch.
I made a very high rank in hearthstone very recently after struggling for it.
My income tax return came in and now me and my wife can splurge on a few things for ourselves.
i went to watch  a movie that i was eagerly waiting for 
THE GET-TOGETHER OF OUR COLLEGE FRIENDS MADE ME HAPPY.THE WHOLE DAY ORGANISED BY ME.AS WE WENT TO MOVIE,BEACH,RESTAURANT
My happiest moment is that I celebrate my best friend's birthday at last month in her house that makes me very happy.
My girlfriend started Physician Assistant school, so proud of her for working so hard to get where she is
My four year old learned to take bath all by himself properly
Taking a long drive on a clam road with my parents on last month that makes me very happy with my family members.
My daughter's chronic catarrh suddenly stopped. 
I have an upcoming 4 day weekend.
Yeah. Last month i purchased new smartphone. I like this smartphone very much. I was waited for this smartphone finally i got it. Really happy. I can't be without my smartphone.
I was to get financial support from colleagues in office.
I bought a new phone
I got recovered from the disease i had
I bought a new smart TV
I purchased a scooter for my father in the last month. This was really happy moment for me as I always wished that I could do something for him.
MY HUSBAND TAKE A PERMENENT JOB IN BANK SO INGRESS OUR SALARY
My football team played a friendly game against an opponent and we won, it was a great match.
I finished reading a juicy book.
I paid for a vacation that I'm planning on taking over the summer.
We (my family and few close friends) had been to a small picnic and had lots of fun, played games and had dinner in a hotel 
In the past month, me and my family members saved few bucks on our energy bill. We saved money collectively and that is why I felt good. This too made me happy.
I finished the videogame "the witcher 3", it was a very good game.

I enjoyed a delicious lunch with friends.
Taking my kids to the park. Watching them play with there friends made me happy.
I received a hard copy of "Selected Works by E.A.Poe". The feeling was something between that of happiness and deep satisfaction, but I'd venture to say I WAS happy.
Got a new job in a reputed company last month, i am more than happy.
I approached a girl in a bar and got her number .
My daughter completed her first stage performance last month from her dance class.
I Was Very Happy at the opening of our chain store in trinity mall it was a dream come true.
I ate a delicious burger at one of my favorite places with good friends.
I went Ice skating with my girlfriend. It was funny because my girlfriend fell on her butt so hard, then the same minute I fell also, it was really hard to ice skate but was really fun
I continued advancing in my programming class, grasping most of the concepts.  This is all that really keeps me going at all.
Yesterday my boss increase my salary this is a happiest moment for me.
I had a big work project/presentation that I finished and it turned out great
My friend came over with donuts.
Annual salary hike and bonus last month.
MY MOTHER GAVE A SURPRISE GIFT ON MY BIRTH DAY LAST MONTH. I FELT VERY HAPPY.
My eys are filled with tears after a big laugh. That celebrations made me happy always in my life.
I have been able to keep a consistent workout and diet regimen for the first time in ages without cheating or breaking it. 
Getting a job
I had a really enjoyable walk and pub visit with friends on one of the first sunny spring afternoons of the year.
My wife and I cooked a fancy dinner together for the first time since my daughter was born.
Going out to a famous disco and listen to one of the best dj's in the world.
In the past month my best friend came and visited me from Virginia for a week.
when I got iPhone 7 as a gift
I went hiking with my husband to our favorite park.
Went to the mall and found a new watch.

Today is Wed and I stepped in office with a big smile on my face. Let me tell you all what happened last night. At around 7:30 pm, I brought some grocery for dinner and I did change of 100 Dollar note . Usually I donat carry that much cash with me, . And while returning from shop somehow I dropped my wallet somewhere on the road. After returning to home I searched like hell all my rooms and didnt find my wallet, ran back to shop, searched roads, my apartmentas staircase but still didnt find. Human nature : Started praying to Allah, kept murmuring aPlease Allah, Please Allaha. Let me tell you I was least bothered about money that I had inside it, I was worried for all the Govt. issued card, credit and debit cards)a|. Yeah Yeah.. go on and call me stupid, even I realized this last night. The place where I stay is Fremont which is bit interior and lot of constructions are going on. This made me think that if any worker will find how he will call me. So thinking this after 1 hour, I quit searching and consoled myself that itas gone, move on. I was sad about the Govt card and trust me, I became more sad. It was pathetic. Just after few minutes, I got an unknown call. Somewhere deep down my heart, I knew this was the call I was waiting for. I was happy, the man at other end asked me to come near his house which was around 100 meters from my place. After disconnecting the call, I rana|. (Run, Forrest, Run ! was on my mind). And finally I got my wallet back with all my cards and money inside. My eyes were wet and I thanked that uncle so much. But to my surprise, he replied, aIt wasn't me, who found ita and pointed his finger towards an African American man standing besides him. He was worker and seeing him I simply jumped on him to hug him and he was very shy. I said ton of Thanks to him but I felt Thanks was very very small word at that time, the amount of money and hard work he saved for me. I was so happy I gave him 100 Dollar from my wallet and further said Please let me know if you need any kind of help, but he was very shy he refused to take money May Allah Bless him
It was the day when my mother went to pension. 
I was happy when I was able to give the boys the pants I got them from the sports store. 
last month was my birthday and my family made me a surprise party with all the people I love in it. I felt very happy and emotional strong
I met my close friend after a gap of 2 years. We were so happy to meet each other after a so long time
I have had the opportunity to meditate a lot in my life and this has gotten me to a point where I practiced gratitude to the point where simply looking outside makes me happy.
I was able to pay off all my bills.
getting my new beehouse dripper in the mail
It made me happy to assist my father in painting his house.
Prepared apple pie for the first time
I met my school friends which made me happier
last weekend we went to visit a movie to a shopping mall. it made me happy.
Going out for my daily jog and not getting tired for the first time.
My parents visiting to my place and will live with me. 
My daughter turned 10 and she felt so grown up and happy.
Perfecting my recipe for butterscotch bars after trying so many over the years.
Had a dinner with my siblings and extended family, something we have not done in over a year.
I was told by my boss that I was up for a promotion this month. 
Brought a new fish tank aquarium for my family
We went to my favourite restaurant at the end of the street and went to all the amazing rides. We were all elated in ecstasy 
I made my sister a dish for dinner that she'd been craving and talking about for weeks.
Seeing an old friend from Austalia who had come home to visit 
I purchased a new Washing Machine to wash my clothes.
I got a raise at work.
My sister visited the home after 6 months of staying in hostel and studying in college.
I saw an attractive librarian at my local library who smiled and flirted a bit with me, which made me feel feelings of a crush on her and excitement that she seemed to notice and enjoy my presence.
The fact that I have found time to start exercising again on a frequent basis. 
Got a decent bonus.
mother heart operation was successful
My husband and I started a new budget and managed to save nearly twice what we normally do. 
Had a outing with my wife, which made me happy.
i saw my favourite dress . it is my memorable one.
I lost 10 pounds, and that made me feel happy and accomplished.
Started drawing again
I can now purchase a car. Before I use to walk everywhere or catch the local buses in the area. I can buy a mini van for my family and I and we won't have to catch the bus any longer
When my friend bought me a beer and some beer snacks because he owed me one. 
Getting new clothes because my old ones would not fit anymore has made me happy. I now have a closet full of american eagle tops and dockers because other brands simply look too baggy on me where as american eagle makes me look great which makes me feel great.
I feel more happy when I saw my ex girlfriend on the road while shopping. She was still glittering like before
My toddler started sleeping through the night in their own bed. 
Kissing the person I love was magical.
we named our first child
I was happy that my husband and I actually agreed on a style of sofa table that we both like.
I was happy to buy a video game that I've been waiting for all year.
I was made happy when Congress decided not to vote on the healthcare bill. 
Me making good money 
i have bought a house
when ever i give emotional support to my husband when he feel stuck with his official work and financial issues.
During the past month, I managed to exercise everyday and I am very happy about it. 
We went for a long trip and we enjoy lot
WHILE PLAYING MY FAVORITE GAME
The Oregon Ducks advanced to the final four in the college basketball tournament.
i am in love with my girlfriend
The medicine that the doctor's gave my wife for her back pain finally started working for my wife.  She has had bad back pain for the past 2 years, and finally has some relief.  
i went to visit my parents last day
I read a funny joke.
Going to Disney World with family and friends. We all had a great time.  Lots to see and do there.  THe hotel was great and the parks were fun.  And seeing the expressions on my daughter's faces when we told them we were going to Disney World over the weekend made me very happy.
Opened the grill for a cool weather outdoor dinner cookout for my wife and I
Being with my family.
I purchased a new video game console that I was eagerly awaiting for months.
I got my state tax return back finally.  I was getting worried it was not going to show  up, but thank goodness it did!
i stopped smoking
I planned to go nearby city by car. But i could not get any car nearby i went roadside and searched car one of my old friend came and pick up we reached the place on time. we were happy.
I finished my family's taxes, and we had a return that was a lot nicer than I thought it'd be.
My nephew messaged me a picture of his college acceptance letter.
Donating to a local organization that needed help for children.
i painted my office last week
My best friend got a engaged
I finally got an application finished that I had been working on.
I lost a couple pounds by changing my diet. 
I finished a project that I had been working on for several months.
I won $5.25 in the lotto.
I changed my spectacles in online with a good offer(free frame).
Watching and listening to it rain and thunder.
I spent the evening with my wife and we talked about our lives.
Actually last week it was rainning heavily, and i tasted the rain water for few minutes and experienced the nature, which made me really very very happy.
My husband got a good bonus.
I am finally leaving the town i work in.
My classes got cancelled on a day that I did not want to go to class.
Made a nice dinner.
I had relatives that came to visit for a week.
I made travel plans to travel to a fun new city.
My family went to a new Walmart that just opened and shopped around and found a toy for the baby.  She was happy to get the new toy and my husband was excited to buy it for her.  It made me happy to see them both happy.  
I successfully turned out 4 pies, both dinner and dessert pies, in one day, for my son's birthday celebration.
I was Mailed and congratulated by the Country Head.
I got a payment for my next car.
When, after a long and cold winter, my city had a few days of beautiful spring weather.
When I got to see my parents
The day my hubby got up early in order for me to get my hair done.
I was very happy when I took some items to a consignment store and received a good amount of money for them.
I am getting a new ac. 
I was very happy when I was able to fix a problem with the print server on my computer instead of reinstalling the whole operating system.
I fixed a plumbing problem in my house.
I had to go to Fed-Ex to fax 20 pages of paper. That would've came up to at least $45 but the guy who worked there gave it to me for free
She successfully attend that fellowship. Now this year She invited to that fellowship on 2nd time. I am very happy
The warm weather we have been having the past couple days.
I was able to help an old lady from my church buy and install a ramp for her house.
The plants that I have had rooting  over the winter have made it through and now I can get them transplanted so they can grow bigger.
My husband brought me home a coffee from my favorite coffee shop.
Visiting with family over the weekend made me happy.
Going on a date with my girlfriend.
I saw some old friends that I haven't seen for years, it was great.
My son won best in the test award at his karate testing ceremony.
I finally found a sugar-free breakfast syrup I really like.
My wife told me my butt looked good in a particular pair of jeans. How flattering!
I bought a $50 gift card to a favorite restaurant of mine for only $20.
I got a lot of extra butter on my popcorn at the movies.
I was happy when I went outside and soaked up some sunshine and nature instead of working at my desk.
Cooking dinner with my roommate
When I come home from work, my son always greets with me with a big hug. 
I saw my mother for the first time in a few months
It made me happy when I tried on a dress that I wore years ago for college graduation and it still fit.
I tried the new nitrogen ice cream and it exceeded expectations.
something didn't plan before become reality
My son had a 4.1 GPA for the third quarter at school.
I was happy on St. Patricks Day when dancing to Irish music
My family and I laughed while we were eating dinner the other night.
I met my school friend after 7 long years and shared old memories and had fun. it was a coincidence that i saw him in the same travel destination. 
I was very happy to find out that our business already has a lot of interest and we haven't even launched yet. 
My husband surprised me by watching our toddler and sending me to get a relaxing pedicure.
3.  I worked with my brother on a volunteer opportunity that means a lot to both of us.
I am happy when i purchase a new mobile phone
One of my very close relative who got cancer got cured
I spent some time relaxing by myself. 
Seeing my mother and catching up with her over a nice dinner at a restaurant. 
When I made a reconciliation with one of my friend-cum-client after a brief spat.
Finding out that my prostate problems were not cancer and were just part of normal aging made me feel relieved and happy.
The son of tea vendor teaching English words to his father.
playing with my dogs watching them run around at the dog park
I got to see my dad get out of the hospital. He's been spending a lot of time there recently. 
in got selected in my company's employee union election as the joint-secretary
I was happy when I watched a really great movie while eating a very delicious dinner. 
The moment when I got a cash price in a lucky draw. I got a cash price of 25000 Indian rupees in a new year lucky draw held in a shopping mall. This made me happy.
I was happy to receive a phone call from a good friend that I had not talked to in awhile. We have known each other for a long time, but do nit get the chance to talk often.
It's a little thing, but my coffee was made perfectly today at the coffee shop, this doesn't happen all of the time!
My son went to bed early a few nights this past month. 
I finally completed 100 push-ups and 70 squat-ups.
Hearing that I would get a job interview.
i buy a fire tv for my new 4k tv
I felt so blessed and lucky for giving me the opportunity to attain my goal in life. I work hard to attain this job promotion. And out of my expectations, it happen unexpectedly. I am more blessed now and I will continue to work hard for my family.
my husband actually came into some money from a past employer. they ended on bad terms and they owed him money when he left the job. we had pretty much given up on the idea of getting the money when we got a check in the mail. i went to get the sales papers from the mail box and what do ya know?! there was a big fat check in there. that really made my day. i felt like all of our problems were solved right then. a stress just lifted off of my shoulders and i called my husband to tell him we were going out to celebrate!
I scored 45 runs in the final of cricket tournament and was awarded with Man of the Match.
The tulips we planted last Fall are growing and blooming.
When I was able to watch my favorite soccer team win their match.
Today I made arrangements to the streets of my community, I needed it and that benefits us all
I was pretty hungry and at 5 Pm i was just wishing that I should get my favourite snack in the office cafeteria. And lucky me it was available
I found a restaurant serving my favorite food that I was longing for days, it happened suddenly giving me a good surprise.
I was happy to see my daughter's performance in the annual exams.
I purchased a nice pair of Cole Haan shoes that looked great on my feet
I was happy when I learned that a family member did not have a serious illness.
In the past month, I decided to move to another state. 
Going to church Sunday made me happy because we had a great, uplifting service.
My boss and some of my co-workers took the week off so I have a quiet week to myself here at work. 
I went and tried a new local restaurant.
It made me happy to know that I have paid off one of my credit cards today.
I ended up buying a new guitar because I found a lucky posting on Craigslist.
My brother was chosen as his class's Valedictorian, I'm so proud of him and his college accomplishments! 
It made me very happy to go eat pizza with my girlfriend celebrating my birthday.
My employer just made a major announcement and re-alignment that our organization has been working toward for 42 years.  I've been with this organization for 22 of those years and am heavily invested in it.
I was happy with the results of some of the football games that I saw from Europe. 
I  bought a persian cat and he made me very happy
I got a free Venti drink at Starbucks.
We went sliding in Montreal.
my new home function
I went to an art gallery, which I've never done before.
I am happy when I cook nutritious meals for my family.
When i was with my girlfriend last night we spent an hour or so planning a vacation that we are going to take in the summer. We planned to go to Rocky Mountain National Park in Colorado. I had a great time planning and im so excited. 
I met up with an old friend for lunch. She moved to California about 9 years ago, and I haven't seen her since then.
I was happy when I spent the morning playing with my kids.
I got my tax check back and it was very rewarding. 
Me getting lab results back and doing great.
I was able to put aside distractions and get caught up with a lot of work.
I love handicraft things and I like making them too. A couple of weeks I tried block printing on a cloth and this came out well. Later, I tried it on a table cloth and stitched a lace around this table cloth and I was able to gift it to my relatives and friends. Ever since then block printing has become my hobby.
I celebrated my new CPA license by going out drinking with my best friends.
I was running late to catch my 5:15am train to work, but the train itself was several minutes late and I was able to catch it!
i go to service for the poor area of the my street at the time spend i am very happy.
What made me happy this month is finding out about a new job offer. 
Me and my wife went to the furniture store and bought a lot of new stuff for our house.
I got a present from my husband that I was wanting.
I won some money at bingo and was able to buy things I needed. 
My toddler brought an excellent behavior note home from school.
I sat and watched a good TV program with my husband and it felt cozy and interesting.
I got a new car, my old one broke down to often.
Visiting with husband's family during the afternoon.
The party at the winery made me happy
Picking up my son from school on St. Patrick's Day. He and his classmates made leprechaun traps, and it was fun to hear him talk about how the leprechaun didn't get trapped, but messed up his classroom and left footprints everywhere, even the toilet seat! It makes me happy to see the world through his eyes.
My Mom, sister and I got lunch and paczki for Fat Tuesday.
A happy moment was when my friends and I were talking about serious matters and had them open up to me. 
Listening to my sons hang out for the day at home here.
The third thing that has made me happy was my re-connection with some old friends. I found them on Facebook and started a small conversation with them. Turns out they don't live very far from me and they also have a child around the same age as mine, so it will give us an excuse to hang out again.
Last month I received a bonus for my exceptional performance.
I got a new kitten.
My best friend put her name down to volunteer at a pancake breakfast with me in May.
Going to a new shop in town and chatting with the owners - they already recognize me by sight.
My girlfriend got her first job.
I made a new recipe for a party and everyone loved it. 
Life has been really busy lately and we have a baby on the way. Weekends have been full, not very restful. I asked my husband to spend some time snuggling in bed instead of watching TV or playing the XBox, simply to spend some quality time together. We snuggled and talked and caught up on life with each other. It made me feel like I had what I needed and he said that it helped him actually relax. The feeling of coming back to a happy place together was very important to our ability to keep progressing through this final busy stretch before the baby comes. 
I was happy that I got paid last week.
What made me happy was spending the night at my best friends house and spending time with him just talking.  
My husband made it through it ankle surgery safely
I was happy because finally we were going to Disney. It was like a childhood dream comes true to see the castle. 
I received an unexpected gift of flowers from my significant other.
My landlord fixed my broken sink within one hour of my reporting it. 
What made me happy in the past month was going for a walk with my dog and my daughter so we could enjoy the beautiful weather.
In the past month, I test drove a few new cars with the intention of purchasing one within the next six months, and that makes me happy still. 
Made me feel happy, being with my partner, celebrating 9 months of boyfriends, going out to see a movie and then having dinner, we had a great time.
I love coming home on a Friday and cuddling with my dogs on the couch and watching TV.
I got the chance to see my dad and stepmom, who I haven't really talked to that much in years, a couple of weeks ago, and it feels good to be rekindling that relationship. 
I went to see Beauty and the Beast with my gf we killed time waiting for showing went to eat did some shopping when we got to the theater no parking spots and the line was literally out the door with a sign posted in window Beauty & the Beast sold out so we were bummed, we waited till last night went out to eat and got there early to try and see it again we thought oh look we are fine there is no huge line place looks rather decent and not super busy so we go to line to pay for tickets guess what ? Beauty & the Beast sold out again .....but they do still have tickets to see it in 3-D so we had to pay a little more but we saw it and it was awesome and looked great ad we had a good time !!
I got salary hike last month for my good performance in my office and all appreciated me and that moment made me more happy.
I was happy to watch the newest season of Grace and Frankie on Netflix when it came out last weekend.
To share my pleasure moment I gave a lunch party to my friends and they were giving gifts and also felt happy like me.
I earned a lot of money
My sister wrote me a really heartfelt birthday card, and told me I was a good role model for her to want to be like.
I got a really good grade on my midterm.
I stand on my balcony, and watch the evening sky. The clouds and the sun seem to be playing hide and seek. Golden rays stream out one second, and are gone the next. Birds are getting back to their nests, after a long day, nearly twelve hours since they left home.
Last month i went to hill station which looks so beautiful
We went for a family trip 3 weeks ago. It was fun and the enjoyments were at their best.
I went to a party and made quite a few new friends. 
The feeling of the smoke going deep into my lungs, the taste of well grown and tended cannabis.
buy a new car was a happy moment
I got up this morning a went for a 3 mile run outside.
I had a conversation with my parents for the first time in a few months.
I was happy when I asked my girlfriend to marry me and she said yes. We plan to marry spring of 2018.
I controlled myself at the store and didnt buy junk food.
I have a promotion from my boss
I was able to get my greens planted this week, which I use for juicing.
My childhood sweetheart accepted my love proposal last month.
To be able to buy a team that my daughter needed.
I bought a large screen TV
Getting the leaks in my roof fixed.
And, for the "hat-trick", my battle with prostate cancer is showing signs of success.  While not in full remission, doctors feel it is stable and chronic treatments will keep it at bay.
I was really happy after I started a new job.  I've never had a job quite like this before.  I'm cleaning a private home and it takes about 5 intense hours to do everything.  Because I wasn't quite sure how it would go, I was really, really happy after (and during).  It felt great to get some confidence in the work and find extra valuable things to do for my new employers.  I was touched, relieved and happy.  It's a good job and I really wanted to do a good job.
my uncle hit 1 year sobriety this last month and it made me feel really happy. 
When I held my 3 months old grand daughter in my arms for the first time.
As I swam through the shiny, shimmering Malaysian sea, a glimpse of black and white caught my eye. As I turned my head cautiously I saw a black and white puppy falling off a wet, slippery jetty. I watched it frighteningly fall into the wavy water. I looked very closely and saw the puppy was in a muddle; his small black head suddenly went under the water.
I found the perfect bridesmaids dresses for my wedding.
GOT NEW PHONE
We went to my hometown to see my parents. Actually we have surprised them without giving prior intimation. That surprise made me very happy. And after a long time, i have spent my time with my parents.
12 Mar was my spouse birthday. Felt happy celebrating with her.
Wrestling with my dog on the bed. 
I had sown some vegetable seeds in my garden.I was waiting for the sprouts and at last they sprouted last week making me very happy !!
My country team won the test match in cricket.
I was accepted to volunteer at the Humane Society.
I had an unplanned day off of work.
I have completed my bike due past month, that made me happy and tension free...
Truer words were never spoken, and Lincoln nailed it on this quote on happiness. Itas just a matter of making up your mind to be happy, and then from there never look back. Life is like a buffet and there are all sorts of things you can focus on. Some will make you feel good and others will make you feel bad, but the choice is yours as to which ones you want to give your attention to, and where you set your mood. Realizing that you hold the key to your own happiness, and that's itas just a decision away can be a real breakthrough.
I substituted in the position that I retired from and got to see and work with my two favorite students.
I went on a date with a potential mate last couple of weeks.
Something that made me happy was recieving a birthday present from a friend in the mail. 
I got a letter, an actual handwritten letter, in the mail from a friend living overseas!
Eating a great sub from Harris Teeter
AFTER THE MARRIAGE WE WENT FOR AN HONEYMOON
My husband brought me flowers.
I received a shopping coupon worth 10$ for my next purchase in the super market 
I called a longtime friend after midnight, and though he did not answer, he called back in a few minutes and we spoke until my phone died.
I had a great conversation with a family member about a topic that was not addressed for some time and I felt very relieved that the 'elephant in the room' was finally discussed.
I just heard a week ago that my student loans will be paid off in the next seven months.
My cousin came to visit from out-of-state. 
people would like to addict for drugs ...but i was slightly different.. mad of sports.. it was a live cricket match.. and i am supporting for my favorite  franchise.. my Friends and me  all were crazy about.. others were supporting for other franchise.. the get together with friends and supporting my favorite team  with come of coffee.. feels so happy.. that moment was more sweeter than the coffee i had on that day..
I made a really good new recipe for dinner.
Taking my dog to the vet and finding out that his heart murmur hasn't gotten any worse.
I donated to charity.
My husband and I got Jamba Juice and wandered around Goodwill.
I was happy when my child received an honor at school.
I was very happy when we finally got our leaky roof fixed that has been leaking for years.
light some candles, soak in a hot bath, delve into a good booka| are you feeling better yet
my daughter wins the scholarship exam conducted by the school with high marks only 3 children qualified for the scholarship i felt so happy and proud
cousin came over to live with us for a while.
My eldest son who is 27 just got word he has a new job after finishing his bachelors degree. This made me very happy!
I went for a walk in the snow
My boss finally agreed to change my working hours to suit my parenting needs better and reduce stress coming from arranging childcare. 
I was able to pass an extremely hard math exam in college, which made me very happy because this is the last class I have to take to get my degree!
I found out that I passed my qualifying exam at my graduate school, which was a huge hurdle I had to overcome and was very nervous about.
I got a job offer last month
The day I had my child 
I rescued a stray kitten that looked malnourished, now it is healthy and playful.
I won a free car competition at a local company.  There were having a random raffle drawing and I bought a few tickets to support the local track team.  I ended up winning the most sought out prize.
I was happy when it began to snow and all of my classes for the day were canceled. 
Getting my backyard looking nice, landscaping, mulching. 
We got our 2017 mah jongg cards yesterday and were able to play with them, that was fun and exciting and I am happy they are finally here.
Bumped into an old co-worker on Monday at the bank.  She went out of her way to say she misses me at work - which I had not anticipated.  We got along very well, but we weren't all that close.  Nice to know people miss you. 
I got some really cute shoes Monday.
Reading books of my favourite author
Throwing my daughter's 9th birthday party and it turned out really good.
I was happy in the last month when I got to spend the weekend with my fiance. Neither one of us had to work, which is rare. We slept in, got to have breakfast together, cuddle with our dog, and fly by the seat of our pants with how we wanted to spend our day. It was so much fun and we really enjoyed each others time! 
invested money in a business and got huge profit with low experience, this create me get confident on my business approach.
My son completed his homework.
We just had a baby boy
Having the opportunity to be at home by myself for a few hours.
A friend from high school posted an online message,saying that she loved me.
I was happy when I got approved to finance our new house and move into next week.
Here are a few simple things you can do every day to feel happier at home. 1. Make your bed. In a popular post last month
I woke up on time today after getting more sleep than I typically do, and was able to eat breakfast.
I felt happy going out with friends last night to trivia night. It feels wonderful to be surrounded by good people who understand me. 
Learning to make a new object in a 3D modeling program.
When I actually got up and did a full exercise routine this morning.
Finding and cashing out a couple of CD's.
I AM VERY GOOD FAMILY AND CHILDREN
I got dressed up and went out to eat with some of my best friends. 
I was happy when I helped a friend get her car to the shop to be repaired.
This month my father is recovering from surgery and he is doing well. 
I was happy that last Saturday that my husband and me finally have time to fish.  It had been at least 6 months since last time we fish.  We didn't catch a lot but sure enjoy the time being together and have chance to relax.  Both of us are having fun that day.
The moment we found our cat after we thought she was missing.
when a friend of mine called me after along 
I dry cleaned the old drapes that was in the house for 20 years. 
I felt happy when I got my favorite movie in the mail "The Thing", and watching it.
The birthday of my niece.
Last time I got my brand new mobile and found it was missed within the week of time of its purchase.
I went out to dinner with my girlfriend.
I met a new man that has the potential to be a keeper. 
I got a snow day off from work
I took some Kratom and relaxed in bed and watched a couple of my favorite shows, feeling very nice and euphoric. 
With new job
My older daughter and I had a very long heart to heart conversation.
My wife and I received news that we would be getting money back this year on our taxes, which is most unexpected, and we are thrilled.
My husband is FINALLY FIXING our carport roof, which has been in serious disrepair for a long time.
In yoga, I was able to do a forearm stand in the middle of the room. 
A moment that made me happy was when my spouse got a babysitter and surprised me to a night out and a homemade desert, and told me we where going on a road trip to visit my mom soon. 
I had a very good seafood meal that was delivered to me.
I saw my grandson receive an award at his school.
The Oregon Ducks made it to the final 4 in college basketball.
My daughter wanted to go snowboarding in Vermont on a school trip but we didn't have the money.  I managed to pull it together at the last minute and she was so happy.
A shirt that I ordered came in the mail.
My daughter told me thank you for buying her a small gift and renting a movie for us to watch together.
Hanging out with my husband at a Target looking at sale items. We really didn't buy any sale items but just hanging out with him make my world go around. 
I bought a mega millions lottery ticket last night as well. I read an article at one point written by a mathematician that said something like you would have to buy 300 tickets a day since the ice age to statistically win mega millions... that's even worse odds than the regular lotto. But it still gives me a little twinge of hope and happiness just to know that I'm in the game. There's a chance today I could just never have to wake up to a buzzing alarm clock again.  I felt that last night when the first number hit correctly. None of the others did, but it was still pretty exciting and made me happy. And looking back on that feeling, it makes me happy now as well.
I received a promotion at work that I had been working really hard on.
My golf buddies and I came in first place at our golf club scramble tournament two weeks ago and won $100 each.
I took my daughter to Corning Glass Museum for the day.
I went to the movies to see Get Out with my friends. 
Watching the rescue dog we took in, come out the cage. After a week of tring to hand feed and touch him slowly, as weel as talk to him. He took the steps and sat outside his cage.
hiking with my family and leasing on our hammock 
We received a $50 gift card in the mail.
It was nice weather a couple weekends ago, so I was able to sit outside, relax, and read a book uninterrupted.
last month we went to a orphanage and distributed some books and stationary to the kids.the happiness in their faces made me feel very happy.
"Feeling a Moment" is a song by Welsh rock band Feeder, from their 2005 album Pushing the Senses. It was released as the second single from the album, and reached #13 in the UK Singles Chart and #32 in Australia. At the end of 2005, it was voted 98th best song of the year by the readers of Q Magazine.[1] Upon release of the single, the album's sales increased significantly in the wake of the single's presence on Radio 1's A-list.
Hanging out with friends all day last Saturday made me really happy as well.
I learned from my tax accountant that I owe very little in income taxes this year.
I have done first Spring cleaning in my home making it look tidy and smell fresh.
I was able to lose a few pounds I'd been carrying. 
I reached my goal weight after working really hard on a fitness program and cleaning up my diet.
I am blessed with a baby girl
Face timing with my family in another state
My husband and I celebrated the 37th anniversary of the day we met.
My cat rolled over on his back because he knows that I'll pet him if he does it.
There have been some nice breakthroughs at work lately that I know will lead to better things down the road.  
A movie (Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping) I wanted to watch was on demand. It made me happy because I could watch it without anyone bothering me. I thought the movie was good. 
My birthday party
I enjoyed a nice cup of tea while my kids played nicely together, without arguments. 
My friends and I are making great steps on a project that we are starting together.
I was happy three weeks ago when my husband surprised me with concert tickets to a musical group that will playing in May.
My son got his school pictures back and I shared them with neighbors. 
I drove a jet ski for the first time at the farmhouse of a childhood friend.
I was able to see one of my most anticipated movies, Logan, starring Hugh Jackman.
My youngest son started to laugh and smile.
I got good data in my experiments.
My child's cheer team got first place in this past month's competition.
Spending time with my friends over the weekend made me happy the past month.
I went for a nice long walk.
I tried a new restaurant Din Tai Fund for the first time and I have been wanting to go for forever and finally went and it was great. 
This one will be a bit odd--after several days of inconsistent, tiny poops, I came home from work today and had one of the physically longest, smoothest, and widest unbroken poops I've had in years.
My son's teacher told me that he had the best day ever in her class.
I am so incredibly happy about the news that I got this morning from my friend regarding her mom!  They have been doing test after test and they have found the problem now and are moving forward.  There will be some tough times ahead but I am so happy they figured it out.  When I saw her at the hospital today she looked so great!
The weather is finally nice enough out that I can walk around without a jacket, so I'm getting so much more walking in!
I met my best girlfriend for the first time in my life, since we met over the internet, and she was exactly who I thought her to be.
I started a diet and lost 5 pounds the first week.
Taking a walk in the woods behind my house after weeks of being unable to.
My London trip its fabulous no words to explain about London beauty we enjoyed a lot there
My son got 1st rank in the assignment test. 
I was very happy when my eldest son found himself a great partner and they bought a home together.
Succeeding in my health goals!
My wife and I got over being upset with one another. 
It made me happy when my husband was offered a job after six months of unemployment.
When my daughter and I spent an entire day listening to music, laughing, and talking.
Another church provides a free bag lunch once a week, and they also give out a few bus tokens.  The lunch is just a sandwich, but they use whole wheat bread, which is wonderful because homeless are usually provided meals with empty white starch.  This church also puts a banana in each lunch bag.  Sometimes these simple things are the best.  
Listening to a panel on urban reconstruction in postwar east Asia at a conference.
I had the opportunity to spend two days with my youngest daughter.  She lives 3 hours away and came to stay the weekend.  We took walks.  Cleaned our cars.  Had nice dinners.  And enjoyed each others company.  It was so good to have her home.
good news in study
I got back money for taxes. I had a huge refund this year!
I helped an elderly relative with some chores around her house.  They were easy for me but would have been hard for her.  I could tell she was really happy.
We went out to a restaurant I hadn't been to recently and got excellent service.
I got home from work to see that my son had cleaned the house and prepared dinner for me.
Going out to dinner for my birthday which was march. Everything including alcohol drinks were free, only because they were testing a new menu. 
My cat curled up on my side while I was going to sleep.
I just booked a two weeks trip to Japan for next month.
I went to watch a comedy show and it was amazing.
Hearing that my parents are coming to town for a few days
My father gave one acre of land to me as a token of gift.
When I pick my son up from school and he calls my name out and comes and gives me a big hug and kiss.  Then tells me about his day on the way home. 
Completing an hour long bike race. 
My husband sold a big account at work and we were able to pay off some debt! 
A friend of mine volunteered to fix the power steering pump on my car for no charge (except for the parts) which saved me a ton of money.
I got to spend time with my best friend when we went to the theaters to see a movie. It's not something we do often, so it was a great and fun way to catch up and do something we both really wanted to do. I was so happy that I wish the day had lasted longer.
I beat the legend of zelda breath of the wild and really enjoyed the ending.
My sister passed post graduation last month with 98.7% marks scored. That was district first ranking and news media persons came home to interview her. That was also a happy moment.
When my paycheck was large enough to pay all the bills I needed to pay.
I got a appreciation from my boss for doing a huge sales of laptops and desktops for this month. I awarded top performer of the month.
I was happy when I went out with my friends to a club and just hung out.
I was able to start a shared friendship with another couple for myself and my wife.
A friend of mine that I'd not spoken to in year called me up and we talked for a long time. He needed to build a new computer so I helped him pick out all of his parts and we are still communicating through email now. 
I stood up for a friend , a coworker is getting bullied by a customer due to his appearance , i said to the customer to fck herself.
I dont know if that was I appropriate but I hater her.
I got promoted to assistant manager at my work. 
I came to some important decisions about what I want to try to achieve in my life over the next year or so. 
My boss gave me a higher annual raise than expected 
Yesterday, I discovered that my phone I dropped in water might be able to be fixed.
I got a phone call from one of my grandsons telling me that he was chosen to interview for a prestigious internship at Harvard University. I am still smiling
An outside cat my wife and I feed gave birth to 3 kittens and they're insanely adorable.
Another thing that made me happy this month was making up my mind to go to a mainly plant based diet.
I love petting my cat, Annie, she is so affectionate and calming.

I was happy when I got a pay bonus last month.
My one year old grandson learning to say "Batman" in a batman voice.
We spent a nice day together at t h e park as a family
My cat, who adores my husband and only gives me attention when my husband is not around, finally started giving me affection. He cuddles and snuggles with me now. I love this!
Being able to cookout and have dinner outside on our deck as a family.
Getting to see my Dad last week.
we did pretty well in the competition
Getting to know someone, a new, special friend.
It made me happy to take a nice, long spa day by myself last week. I needed some time to relax after a hard work week and the spa day was exactly what I needed. 
A friend gave me a wireless headset so that I don't have to keep snagging the cord on my wired one.
Another thing that made me happy is when I went to my friends house and we shot guns while also going in town.
Watching my favorite childhood movie The Wizard of Oz on television.
I got to play The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild and it is a really great and engaging game to play.
My father got a higher salary ,i was so happy for him.
I was happy when I was cuddling with my girlfriend watching Iron Fist on Netflix.
I was able to get a good, full night of sleep this week.  I actually woke up feeling refreshed.
I became happy when the second season of "Better Call Saul" finally made it to Netflix.
Ive been saving for a purse i really loved and i finally had enough and went to buy it but it was gone. I went yesterday and saw one siting there so i grabbed it up and bought it. I absolutely love it.
Running errands with and hanging out with my Mom.
I was offered an exciting professional opportunity. 
I met someone at the grocery store this week and we hit it off.
Taking a walk through the park with my wife and dog on a sunny Sunday afternoon.
Getting Mexican food for dinner, it was really good. 
Getting the grade back for my Astronomy Exam because it was what I expected
Another thing that made me happy this past month was to learn that my 16 year old son will be staying with me for a week for his spring break he has since moved with his dad across the country. I cant wait to see him. 
I have been trying to gain weight and have gained almost 10 pounds in muscle
I love to play with my toddler.
I was happy when I was watching a funny video on YouTube about one of my favorite video games.
Found out my sick dog was going to be okay.
I have been into tiny homes for the past 6 or 7 years now, its a passion of mine to design and build one someday. my first one I recently decided I wanted it to be school bus tiny house for economical reasons just to start off. the school buses I have found so far at the time were too expensive or too beat up to even consider. well two weeks ago I found a website besides craigslist where you can bid on school buses that the state sales that are in almost perfect condition because they are required to maintain them, but can't keep them once they reach a certain mileage or age which ever comes first, and it's really close to where I live meaning I don't have to travel out of state to get it when I win it. 
My kids. 
It made me happy to see my sister yesterday, as I haven't seen her in a long time. 
I went out with my brother. 
The last monday i ate salmon.
eat my favorite dinner 
The third thing that made me happy was that i went on holidays for 3 days in a beautiful island.
When I got to see my mother after not seeing her in a year 
I made a breakthrough with a difficult client at work.
I found a better way to get to work.
My sister gave me a blu-ray as a present
I cooked for my family and they said that I was a good cook. 
I helped my significant other finish sending out invitations for our wedding.
I was incredibly happy to find out my father-in-law is now cancer free as of his last doctors visit!
Getting and email of my 7 year old Grandson's artwork which was / is absolutely amazing.  His artwork is getting better constantly.  It made me so happy to see it, I almost cried.
It made me happy when I spoke to people who built their own business 
getting a promotion at work, thereby getting a salary increase
I had followed a complex recipe making roasted duck, which took me hours and I had successfully made it. 
Playing with my cat.
My boyfriend treating me with tenderness and saying "I love you"
My customer sent a very positive feedback about my work to my boss.
Celebrated my parent's anniversary with them.
I celebrated my mom's birthday and it was fun to be with family.
Past month, My friends celebrate my birthday. I feel happy , very enjoyment. My birthday celebration continue 3days. so i am very happy for one.
I have recently started driving after years of being afraid of the road. I have learned that my fear was all for nothing and that I am actually quite good at it.
The third thing that made me happy was my nephew picking me out of the whole family to read a story to his class. 
After looking for a new house for quite a while I went to an open house last week and think I am finally going to place my first house offer.  
I was happy when I made and ate a special dessert.
When I got a seat on both buses today since I had a lot carrying. 
When I made my first dollar working from home this month. 
What made me happy this month is the warm weather. 
I completed some home improvements that I had put off for many months. 
I saved up and was able to book a vacation in Florida for myself and my girlfriend. We've wanted to go on vacation for a long time now, and haven't been able to afford it.
Being able to take all 3 of my kids shopping for their birthday presents and not having to worry about how much money I spent. 
i bought 5.1 Sony home theater for my home and after installation i felt that sound was too good and last month fully watching movie with 5.1 surround sound and i was very happy that moment.
I received a compliment on a presentation I made at work.
I felt happy when I got my vehicle back from being repaired after being damaged by vandals.
my co workers made a cake for me
I was very Happy this past Sunday when my husband took me to see the new movie "Beauty and the Beast", not very husband will watch something like that with their wife.
I was very happy when my husband and I went to eat Indian food as it smelled amazing and was delicious, and the company was superb.
My niece bought a new house and my family got together and helped her move.
It made me very happy to have lunch with a friend that I have not seen in a very long time. We took hours in the restaurant talking and sharing stories and we picked up right where we left off. 
Finishing all my chores early in the week and getting to relax during this past weekend, made me very happy.
My church and i delivered care bags to the local homeless.
Talking with my brother on the phone and joking with him made me happy today.
Gas price slightly dropped.
I bought tickets to a concert I really want to see.
My friend sent me a video of her dog meeting its doppelgA$?nger at the groomers and it was super cute.
my boyfriend grabbing my hand and kissing it saying i'm the only one for him. 
The moment I had a great conversation with a super person I met.
Surviving my stroke. Not everyone does. 
The day I am very happy to win college examination
When I beat Zelda Breath of the Wild with my new Nintendo Switch.
I spend some cherishable time in my motherland
I found a gorgeous dress at a deep discount.
I won 20 dollars from a scratch ticket.
I found out that the size of my team at work will be doubling, lessening my workload (and stress level).
Seeing the interaction between spouses and their brand new baby.
I was able to go out to the movies for a movie that the whole family could see.
My husband took care of me when I was sick.
Finding a chocolate bunny I thought I already ate.
We were able to pay off our car payment 18 months early.
Getting paid for my job. Having money to pay my bills makes me happy. As a lot of people are unemployed. 
I went to my parents house for dinner.  My mom made me my favorite meal.  I hadn't had it in many years and I was craving it.  I spent time with my parents and my wife.  we had great conversations.  We spent the whole day together.
I was able to negotiate a price reduction on some shirts that the supplier had used the wrong colored thread on the logo.
i bought a new vehicle.
My father came to visit me, and that made me happy!
A week later, after I got the parts in, I had to learn how to actually build the PC. I watched a YouTube video and was able to do it by following it. I didn't make a single mistake and felt really good about myself. And, of course, I now had a great PC working for me, and that made me really happy too.
I got approved for housing.
We got the house clean and organized.
I made a great meal for my family using leftovers from the previous day.
My friend told me that the things we've been talking about in my own life have helped her, too.
Moved into a brand new apartment that was just build in the last year, with perfect views and great population of people.
Another happy moment within the past month was having brunch with a few friends.
I spent an evening having dinner with an old friend and caught up on old times.
My dog scratches on the door and wakes me up to get under the warm blanket when mom leaves for work.
My boyfriend surprised me with a Luke Bryan CD because he knows how much I like his music.
A man with kids in his car played with my dog, who was in my car, by peeping a stuffed animals out at her.
I flirted with a guy pn Facebook. He told me I was sexy.
I went out to get lunch and they gave it to me for free for waiting a few minutes.
Thinking about going to the beach soon. 
I met up with an old friend that I hadn't talked to in about a year to watch some basketball games.  
I shaved my beard down to a mustache and received lots of compliments on it.
My boyfriend and I discussed plans for the future, including getting married and buying a house together. 
I got a raise for good job performance.
Learning music with zero percent knowledge with my friends
A dear friend of mine came over to help cut up a tree limb. It was comical to watch him use a rusty hacksaw and a sledge hammer to get the job done.
I had a relaxing day of shopping with my mother-in-law for the first time in a long time.
I was able to budget better and save money this month.
I got to spend the weekend fishing with a good friend that I have not seen in a while. 
When I won a battle at work for an ongoing project that I was going to lose but ended up getting the best outcome possible and making people happy. 
My husband bought me feminine hygiene products without me asking him.  
The last thing to made me happy when I worked a rough day on Thursday. On Friday, work went well and was really easy. 
I had a quiet afternoon with my boyfriend. We watched a movie, I made dinner and we got talk. It doesn't sound like much but we both have such busy schedules that when we have the time for the two of us just to relax and be at home it makes us both happy. 
I was happy when a friend of mine came over to watch a movie with me. 
Finally getting back to work after my surgery, and seeing some friends.
My best friend, who lives in a different state, made plans to come visit me in the next couple of weeks. 
I spent the afternoon on the patio of a bar the day after St. Patrick's day with a large group of neighbors and friends. We stayed there until after dark and then went to a party together. 
My daughter turned 10 last Sunday and having her dance party was so much fun. I was so happy to see how surprised and happy she was.
My wife surprised me with a trip to New York.
Going outside and doing a small job makes me feel happy.
I was happy when I received my federal and state tax refunds.
I felt incredibly happy when it started raining, and I smelled the rain and dirt smell together outside for the first time in over a month. 
I witnessed a car street race.
I hung out with a cute girl last night and we talk stories, laugh and flirt, it was fun
I won an online Poker tournament and earned $500. 
I was complimented on my attractiveness in a photo I posted to my Facebook.
I was happy today to come home to my happy, slobbery puppy.
I was happy to find out earlier today that my girlfriend and I were approved for a lease on our first choice apartment!
Eating a great meal prepared at a fine local restaurant and just being thankful for that.
My daughter competed in the high school dance competition, and her team won many awards during the event. 
I lost my phone and the guy who found it, even though he didn't have to, waited for me a long time to give it back.
I was happy watching my daughter perform in a community musical.

My wife and I purchased a new television. We have been needing a new one for months now and with my new promotion coming down the line we can afford a new one. It was installed today and we also purchased a 5.1 surround sound to go with it.
I bought tires and was given an unexpected credit due to previous tires not meeting their mileage warranty.
The brake light kept flashing in my car and when I took it in it was only a switch that needed to be replaced.
Playing catch and having a good conversation with my future brother-in-law.
My Elder brother got his appraisal in his work.
I was happy tonight when I didn't have everything I needed for a new recipe but I improvised, made up my own recipes, and dinner was good, so good that hubby and son both got seconds!
Save money for a new grill for parties or a new DVD for family movie night a something that will encourage you to have people over and entertain. Plan a summer barbeque, invite your closest friends, kick back and relax. (And don't forget to print out the pictures to remember the good times.) 
Eating the new taco bell naked chalupa. DELICIOUS! 
What made me happy is that I got to see my favorite artist perform live.
I ate a Cadbury creme egg.
Receiving a warm welcome home from my two greyhounds.
Went to a long journey and collected some memories.
My husband went on tour for a week.
I met with my college friends at a barbecue at one of my friend's houses and we had a party afterwards.
I made an excellent and tasty dish after doing a lot of preparation for it.
Started a new game that I have been waiting a long time to play.
I remember cooking a great carrot that my family just loved to eat. 
We donated food and clothes to street beggars 
1 week ago, we have celebrated my brother birthday
Trip with my new born baby. Awesome clicks captured.
I found my aunt that I haven't talked to in over 25 years.
after 10 years i have went to night show cinema with my wife last week. really joy day
My parents stopped by for a visit and brought lasagna.
We finally choose name for our daughter.
coming home to my dog
Walking down the street yesterday I passed a blossoming tree covered in tiny white flowers. It was the only tree like it on the block. I stood under it for about 5 minutes without once grabbing my phone to take a photo. I kept it as my own little moment and that made me very happy.
Hmmmm....My sister has got her pregnancy test positive. She was eagerly waiting for more than 2 years for this happy news. Here my family is in everlasting happiness to see the baby. My sister is enjoying each and every moment from the day she got to know her motherhood.
Outing with friends
I came home and my girlfriend had left me cute notes all over the house.
The last thing is I felt so happy this when i found a book at the library that I have been wanting for a long time.
I recently mastered a champion in League of Legends that I considered to be incredibly difficult. It filled me with a lot of pride and happiness for a while considering how difficult the specific champion is to use.
it was my fathers birthday last week and we celebrated the birthday for second time, all these are taking place because of my sisters daughter who is 8 years of age, our angel and she is very energetic and loves to do all these things, and it seems she always loves their grandparents than their parents and thats the happiest things for parents too.
A good illustration in my case is that on my 22nd birthday, my friends made me a really emotional video from all the years that we have been friends. Without the usage of the camera and video-recorder, this could never have happened.
I was happy when I wrote a song.
My goal is to be down 40 pounds by early to mid summer, and I am already a fourth of the way there, being done 12 pounds as of yesterday!
My niece took her first steps.
I saw her on street. She was walking with her friend. the smile of her was universe
I got a wonderful life partner in my life last month & he is good match for me i love this   good & happy life 
i am very interested to work in job because they praise me a lot and trusting me very much
I spend weekend with my friends after long days.
Last month on a weekend we went to kids play area for my kid. All the kids were enjoying and playing well. My kid also felt very happy while playing and she tried playing all the games there. She was not at all interested to come out of the play area. We too enjoyed a lot seeing her playing and enjoying well with other kids.
Literally I understood What God actually said and what he wants us to do. That made me extremely happy. 
There was a magic show arrangement for the children and magician was arranging his things. In the waiting area, I saw children watching where I was sitting. Then they called me inside with the other people I was sitting with. When I was with them, they started to ask so many questions that where I was from and why I was visiting them when I didnt know them? Their questions struck my mind.
The weather is very nice.
A very dear friend of mine that I haven't heard from in years wrote me an email asking how my life was. 
I attending an entertaining event.
GOT APPRECIATION FROM MY MD.
not going to fast food, acheiving the goal to stop going to unhealthy restaurants and saving money
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
I had dinner at Pho Ca Dao and had a pretty good bowl of pho there.
Last week my son got first price in overall academics.
After working late and not being able to attend for two weeks, I finally got to attend my jiu jitsu and muay thai classes with my 12 year old daughter.  We had a great workout and felt great afterward.
t was my son health got better
I one 600$ last night playing poker at the local charity room, which was a nice little payday.
Was able to withdraw a payment from Paypal that had it pending for almost 2 weeks.
Went to movie and restaurant with my family it was a happy moment
i was happy because that i had a bike ride with my friend in a road,i felt that a happy moment
I had a pretty in depth conversation with a friend about a topic I heavily interested in.
I bought a new gun for Counter Strike game.
yesterday i saw butterfly it was surrounding upon me i enjoyed this moment
My older child started hauling in firewood without me having to ask him.  I usually have to prompt him to do any kind of work for me.  I was very happy and proud!
Your body gets an intervention when you fast. Your mind and relationships could use one too. Unplug yourself from the matrix.
If you havent caught on already, human beings are highly addictive creatures.We love our coffee, sugar, and internet. And these things are all great. But our lives can be far more enhanced by using these tools in wisdom.
The purpose of the internet fast is to reconnect to yourself and your loved ones. So, you probably shouldn't do it the same day you do your food fast. Because eating is one of the strongest ways to form bonds.
Youall be blown away by how much more connected you feel to your loved ones when you can give them your undivided attention. It may even feel 
Today I came to know that one of my colleagues has finalized her date of wedding.
I was listening to my kids laugh in the car on the way home from school
I went to choir practice and got to sing.
It made me happy to hear about my husband's day at work when he described it to me yesterday. 
Last night I watched an episode of aThe Waltonsa with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed 
I have a start-up Sugar Free blog that felt nearly impossible to keep up during the holidays and I just got a message from a follower saying aI am so encouraged by your account, I just found out I have to go completely sugar free, and I had no idea I could still eat so many amazing foods!a.
My boyfriend posted a photo of me on Facebook with a heart emoji as the caption. 
Just few hours ago went for a short trip to the central park and had a good walk there for 45 minutes.  i enjoyed the fresh and cool air. Birds were making mild noise and everything was cool and calm. It felt very nice and was my happy moment of the day.
I had really good tacos for dinner. 
That I finally paid off my hospital bills!
I bought a new oven which I wanted since a long time
Sadly, a co-worker who caused so much drama and problems at work resigned and that made me happy. Finally the drama is gone. 
i go to the temple and service the temple ,i enjoy the moment.
I spoke to my best friend whom I hadn't spoken to or seen in over a year.
I received a job offer in Switzerland.
I watched Through the Looking Glass last night, and I didnt particularly care for the movie, but I dang near cried at the end, it made me so happy, because they ended with these words:Dedicated to Our Friend Alan Rickman.My boyfriend made me soup, his own improvised recipe.
I sat outside on the porch and played my guitar.
My car passed its inspection
I was happy today because I got the new Star Wars movie on bluray. I watched it at my brothers home theater with him and his girlfriend, it was a really great movie.
I caught up on sleep.
Before 2hours i got my monthly payment ,this is one of the happy moment 
My daughter scored almost 100% on her kindergarten testing.
My cat kept sneaking into the kitchen, where she is not allowed, and that was very funny
I got a discount offer for my favorite magazine subscription and it made me happy
I made my partner some dinner and she enjoyed it a lot.
Started reading a new book last night, about how different writers through the ages have constructed their stories, characters and so on, and I'm really enjoying it.
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
My wife gave birth to a baby boy and this made me happy.
I went on a romantic date with my girlfriend.
When my family plan a abroad tour with me
I was happy spending time talking and playing video games with my significant other.
I found the light bulb to put in my antique china cabinet. It is very old and hard to find a working one.
I was complemented on my outfit by a classmate. I put a lot of effort into my outfit, so I was happy. 
I went to playschool to pick my daughter who was very shy and won't mingle with her friends , but today I saw her talking to her friends and that made me happy. 
I was told that I was doing well in training at work.
I got to go out to lunch with two of my friends at work and we had a nice time. We visited a pizza place I hadn't been to in years.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
i made chicken biriyani
My husband has been trying to lose weight for a while. He was stuck at the same weight for 3 days and was getting depressed. This morning he told me that he finally had dropped another pound. That made me happy because since I am the one that is controlling his diet, I knew I was doing something right.
I passed my driving test today.
I made a special dish for my son  which he was asking for a long time.
My Wife went to her hometown last 1 week. She return to my home today that is the happiest moment forever.
i really love these live and structured fine place and wonderful scenarios and climatic events and also i like what i see i feel am great at everything.
TODAY I WENT TO MY SCHOOL. I SAW MY FRIENDS. NOW THEY ARE WORKING AS A TEACHER AS SAME SCHOOL. VERY HAPPY TO SEE MY OLD FRIENDS. I NEVER FORGET.
The college Coach for golf came to scout my daughter yesterday.
i brought new laptop
I made good income from Mturk.
i make break fast to day
I WAS ENJOYED BECAUSE MY SENIOR OFFICER APPRECIATE ME FOR MY WORK
1. I received my son's board exam result declared and he successfully completed his course with distinction  by yesterday made me very very happy moment.

I had walked from school to home with my kid and got a book for her from the library. She was happy to have a new book to read.
I saw her on rainy days. She was walking on street. That moment was the best moment in my life
When my wife told me she loved me when I woke up this morning. 
It made me happy when I realized that I had the day off today and didn't have to go to work! 
Yesterday morning my dogs let me sleep for an extra half hour without bothering me.
I was able to get to work on time even though I woke up late. 
I buy a Car
I listening some old songs and it led me to old memories.
We finished moving our large non essential possessions to our new home!
Yesterday i went to my native place and i was very happy because all my childhood memories came and i can feel it still.
My spouse and I had a fun time gaming with each other.
i went to temple to day
I had to do some really rough tasks, but it wasn't as bad as I was initially anticipating. 
Yesterday I got engagement with my lover made me very happy.
yesterday we went to comedy movie. really we enjoyed the lot due to the timing comedy
Getting a package in the mail from a old friend mad be happy yesterday. They sent something that was very sentimental. 
The way of thinking, like my thoughts have been changed and travelling towards my future achievement.
I purchased a New Camera for taking photos
We had a wonderful spring day with bright blue sky yesterday; my one year old son and I saw a flock of storks flying above us on the way to children's park; we both felt very happy and excited.
I was offered and accepted my DREAM job...I never in a million years thought I would be offered an elementary PE job. They are so far and few between and when you are hired you keep that job for 20+ years. The best part is that the school is where my kids go AND 3 minutes down the road.
My boss congratulated me for the performance I had shown on last two projects.
I did not drink
I woke up with a headache. My husband made me coffee and brought it to me in bed. 
I made chicken alfredo pasta for dinner.
I purchased some variety pet birds.  
I enjoyed doing a CrowdLab hit. I felt really content.
I had a very enjoyable lunch with my children and mother-in-law.
today is my rest day and it makes me happy that i can rest.
I danced around with my kid which made the both of us happy.
The guy I hired to clean my back yard actually showed up.
My child has an excellent accomplishment in school
Walking around the park with my daughters.
I brought our puppy to the groomers for a fresh cut.  When he came out, he looked great.
I completed an important project at work that I had been working on it for about two and a half weeks.
played 5.1 effect audio song and danced with my friends for that song with full sprit
I watched movie of my favourite hero
Taking a long walk with my husband in a nearby park.
Yesterday was my birthday and my girlfriend made me a great crock pot lava cake that I loved
I had a very successful meeting with some coworkers and it made me feel very happy.
I won in the card game i was playing.
I had to travel around 180 km for a official meeting. I started early in the morning, I took bus for my travel. In the middle of travel, after 2 hours bus stopped for 5 minutes break. during that I had a breakfast. It was a great moment. As I was very hungry.
I went 35mph down a hill on my bicycle.
I was happy in the past 24 hours when my son and I played catch in the backyard.
I was happy when I was able to take my baby outside for a walk in his stroller.
Providing dinner and relaxation for my fiancee before she had to leave on a trip
I enjoyed some wine and cheese at a wine bar near my house.
I got the permission from my company management for higher study.
When I made money at work
My friend share me a old journey video.
I found a great deal on a radio that I've been wanting for a while.
I went to a three hour painting class last night where I got to paint a picture of my cat, Spock and it turned out wonderful!
I went shopping at antique stores with my mom and friend.
The value of bitcoins went up, which means my fraction of a bitcoin is worth a little bit more.
A feral kitten that I trapped two days ago is eating well, and let me pet him.
My favorite ice cream place opened for the season and I bought and ate a quart of my favorite flavor.
I talked to my Grandma on the phone and she told me she is feeling great after her surgery yesterday.
When i am praying Allah, My soul gets the peace. This made me feel happy
The icing on the cake is that that boy belongs to a relatively poor and uneducated family living on my street. The very fact that he was trying to communicate with me with the little English that he had learned in school made my day.
The Day my Grand mother escaped from Road Accident, I feel so happy, why because she 99 years and so, while crossing the Road in front of my home town, Truck narrowly came nearer and Driver suddenly applied Hi powered Brakes.Its Shocked me a while and very very happy to a God from rescued.
My cat had kittens a few days ago and I went out to feed the mama cat and the kittens are doing really well. 
When I ate a delicious medium rare steak for dinner.
my daughters fever broke, she's been sick for almost a week.
I still haven't gotten my period, so I think I may finally be pregnant after trying for over a year.
I was able to spend all day yesterday with my youngest child.  She's a spit fire and sometimes hard to get her attention.  We spent the day shopping and running errands.  When we got home all she wanted to do was sit on the couch with me and cuddle.  I never get to spend time with her like that.  We probably cuddled and looked at old videos for 2 hours.  She would belly laugh at videos of her older sister doing silly things.  It truly made me happy.  One day my girls are going to be grown up, but I will always cherish this time with them while they are litle.
chatting with my old friend  
ya my best 24 hours my life supper in day move and paling cricket good moring barkfast  good lunch  dennar ya car traviling and  gem orkavt good liffe my happing moring  
The happiest moment in the last 24 hours was when I reunited with my best mate, Luke, and took 2 Polaroid photos before he headed back to London.
Yesterday, my husband collected wildflowers and I am keeping them alive still. It makes me happy to see them because it reminds me of how much my husband loves me.
Yesterday i met my uncle. He came from Australia. Yes he is working there. My uncle and aunty both of them came to home yesterday. I was eager to meet them. Finally i met them yesterday. I'm so happy. 
When I got my paycheck.
Some incidences that I want to relate where I have been the happiest in the past few weeks. I'm sharing the best week of probably the decade. I suddenly booked tickets to Tirupti, where my sister lives with her husband and their cute daughter. I love being with my niece, she is all I got. This journey was all about randomness and I think randomness gave me joy.
My niece. She is sweet, cute and the most adorable creature in this world for me. She hugs me, snuggles up to me when we are sleeping, tickles me. I get pecks from her all the time.
It's never about the place. It's about the people you spend time with. I have never been much happier. Whenever I went to Tirupati and was traveling back to Bangalore, I felt like I had failed my most important exam, maybe I was missing a train. I cried like a small baby every time I left that place. This time it was different, this time I was happy. I was myself, my true self. Peace!
Making upcoming plans for the next two weeks with friends and their children while my husband will be working made me happy. 
My 3-year-old daughter wanted to have dinner just me and her out on our deck.
A client bought us lunch yesterday at a very nice BBQ place.
I got promoted as Senior manager yesterday, feeling very happy.
I play the daily fantasy site draftkings just about every day. I play DFS NBA just about everynight its been kind of a rough year and I've lost a decent amount of money. However, last night my team was doing pretty well when I went to bed and when I woke up I won the tournament and won $5,000! Completely wiping out my few hundred dollars of losses. Huge night and I am so happy! I'm going to pay off my car now which is a big accomplishment for me! 
I made my goal on mturk
I ran through the rain and didn't get my feet wet!
One hour of mindfulness meditation sitting on a zafu in the silence of my bedroom.
My daughter got up to her alarm clock, without any assistance from me, and got ready to go to school completely independently. 
After a horrible month-long experience of issues getting a couch delivered, I was refunded $150 of it yesterday.
last week went to tour with my family in kerala. kerala is  a very beautiful city. we are enjoyed and we are going to zoo 
seeing the more animals and beautiful places, flowers, bird we are very happy that moments.
a relative made me a batch of choc chip cookies.
i work very hard and to east to take it is so exciting movement
My spouse made me some delicious french pressed coffee.
My daughter called to tell me she finally found a new job.
Today is my best friends birthday and I surprised her with flowers and mimosas before work.  I do not live with her so I had to get up early and get there before work.  She really appreciated it.
When i was watching tv this afternoon, suddenly i saw one of my old friend chatting in panel discussion in of the cable network, so seeing my friend and her talks, made me feel really happy.
Watching a movie all my myself on the couch.
I had a good day at work.
I went to near by shop i found a new baby near the shop she was crying, I took her to my home and gave advertisement through local channel. The parent came and got the baby
I was happy when I went out to celebrate my brother and sister's birthday with them last night.
When I got back home from work and my 6 months old baby girl saw me for the first time of the day and she gave me the most ecstatic smile ever.
My infant daughter started giggling at a funny face that I made at her and it made my heart want to explode with joy.
I had a delicious new kind of apple.
It is difficult for me to explain a situation that has impacted my life. When God created the earth he decided that every person would be different, some big others small, some thick others thin. He also decided that everyone would have different behaviors. Some people would be shy and calm with little talking, while others the total opposite loud and more extravagant. Between all these categories I represent the shy and calm, for this reason it is very hard for me to express an impacting moment in my life. The most impacting moment in my life occurred many years ago when I started living my life fully and felt complete. My parents decided to register me to a public school in the city Guayama and I did not dominate well the language Spanish. For me this news was very impacting. One of the reasons I was scared of learning a second language I didnt dominate, another reason was losing all the friends I had made and had kept me company for many years but the major reason was leaving the house in the military base Roosevelt roads.
Spending time with my mom and seeing her smile and laugh.
I got back home from work, take a few minutes of rest and played with my kid the entire afternoon.
I  purchased birthday dress for my wife, she is celebrating her birthday day after tomorrow.
i ate a good lunch
When I went bowling, all 3 of my games were above my average and I helped my team win all 4 points for the day against the other team. 
O colleague of mine said to me that i was dressed like a movie star today
I got off of work.
My sick dog that has not been eating started to eat again. 
I bought a new phone case
Seeing and talking with friends
I went out to dinner with my family.
Today my husband my son and me we are went to temple that fall eye drops in my eyes
I m very happy when i go with my wife to take a tour of city.
I went to the casino with some friends and won 450 Dollars.
Yesterday I received an early birthday phone call from a friend that lives in another city.
I was travelling in a public transport today.It was a bus I was travelling today.The bus driver driving the bus was very furious and determined to drive fast,that I reached home after my work half an hour before I usually do.I was glad that I got some extra time to spend with my family.
Making love to my wife before work yesterday at about this time. 
I fixed a coolant leak in my car.
My daughter is one...she doesnt do much talking yet. Yesterday afternoon as we were walking in the door from running errands I was holding her and she said "Mama...Hi"!! It made my heart fill with joy. 
Unlocking the next dungeon in Zelda Breath of the Wild made me happy.
One of the best moments over the past 24 hours was when I was pushing my 6 years on our tire swing. 
 I was happy when I picked up my little Grandson from Nursery School.  He makes me happy every time I see him. And then after I get to see him I get to see my daughter when she comes home from work.  
I went for a nice long walk down by the waterfront in my hometown.
My staff meeting got cancelled.
I ran my favorite bridge in the entire world. It was a beautiful, sun filled morning. I ran strong as I looked over the sound and the islands.
Something that made me very happy in the past 24 hours is that I got in a package that I had been waiting for for a while because I had custom ordered a cosplay Star Wars costume back in January and it finally came in yesterday and it looks fantastic and I'm so excited to try it on and see how it fits. 
I had students who really wanted me to see projects they created. 
I reached my daily goal on mturk.
I was happy when I completed my Yoga workout last night.
I was happy because my boss taught showed me a way to do my work a lot faster.
I watched an episode of KonoSuba and enjoyed it.
I have been sharing internet with my neighbor for around two years. The connection, being shared has been awful at times. Yesterday I finally broke down and had my own internet installed in my home so I don't have to share anymore. I'm extremely happy about this experience.
I got an unexpected lead on a new apartment. I'm not quite ready to move yet, but I'm excited about the possibility of jumping on a great deal.
Pushing my little girl on her bike
The first thing that made me happy was that i won a football match with my friends.
This morning, I got paid. That made me really happy.
My wife reached over and held my hand as we were driving.


As I swam through the shiny, shimmering Malaysian sea, a glimpse of black and white caught my eye. As I turned my head cautiously I saw a black and white puppy falling off a wet, slippery jetty. I watched it frighteningly fall into the wavy water.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.

My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.
I made $115 on mTurk, and that's a pretty good day for me.
I got increament in my salary this month.
I got up an hour early to be able to relax and enjoy my first cup of coffee all by myself.
Celebrated with family
I went for a walk to the local rock/ mineral place with my girlfriend and enjoyed the nice weather.
Finished a work project that I had been working on for at least 2 weeks.
Went to shopping with my friends it was fun and enjoyable
i felt happy when i had a lunch with my colleague have a fun at all 
I got a meal at Texas Road House comped to me due to bad service, and a free appetizer.
I scored 50 runs by myself in cricket match.
yesterday i went church and i pray to god for my job and then i got a good and wonderful job suddenly i am very happy
I made an amazing grilled cheese sandwich for dinner last night.  It was crispy on the outside and had the perfect amount of gooey cheese in the middle.  
In his book, The Untethered Soul, Michael Singer argues that your energy should come from withinaaafrom your whyaaanot from external stimulants. The scientific backing is substantial and unsurprising: intrinsic motivation destroys extrinsic motivation every day of the week.
Motivation asideaaahealthy eating, sleeping, and intensive exercise produce higher quantities and quality of energy than caffeine ever could. A holistic approach to life is essential. Garbage in, garbage out.
Give up the caffeine and see what happens. To avoid withdrawal headachesaaawhich are mostly placeboaaareplace your caffeine with something else (another placebo). After a few days without caffeine, you'll develop confidence in your ability to function without it.
Late night I switched off my AC and enjoyed pure natural air in the balcony for at least 2 hours.
I looked at my checking account balance and saw my deposit from my HSA posted.
I finished reading a magazine.
It made me happy to finish listening to a podcast that I was really into. 
have I done any good in the world today? Have I helped anyone in need? Have I cheered up the sad and made someone feel glad? If not, I have failed indeed. Has anyone's burden been lighter today, because I was willing to share
Last night I watched an episode of aThe Waltonsa with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks!
My boyfriend told me that he loved and missed me.
I went to Walmart today as there were some sale going on. Grabbed some goodies at great price and also brought few small items that was needed. I felt great as I saved few bucks.
I really enjoyed reading Lord of the Rings last night. 
That my daughter found out she has enough eggs to start the fertility process at the hospital.
My daughter baked a cake for me in the new oven
I was complimented by a stranger. I was in a long line that seemed to never end. This person struck up a conversation that helped the time go by. While talking, this person said something very complimentary to me. That made me happy.
one hour before i go to shop and help the old man cross the road
After weeks of looking for a new job, with no success, I got 2 spontaneous job offers via email.
We got to play Left 4 Dead 2 with another couple.
Drinking a ginger tea , thatas all there is , this week hasn't been very exciting or happy , in fact itas been rather tiring and stressful but itas fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.Woke up 5:45, Meditated, cooked a healthy breakfast, worked on things I love, went to the gym, cooked a healthy dinner and slept peacefully.
I played some dota.
I was able to get my workout in on a very busy day
I had one of my favorite recipes that my mom makes for dinner. I went to her house and she made her Chinese spaghetti with is an Oriental version of the Italian dish.
Finished cleaning the house.
after i got my salary ,i order a new brand new phone of my wife, this also one of the moment past 24hours 
My youngest used the bathroom all by herself even pulling her own pants down, which was a first for her.
My best friend gave me a hug to cheer me up
I got a dress material in pink color which is my most favorite color and i was happy
I had a hot soak in the bath.
Cooking a chicken curry last night, the moment when the spices start to fry in the pan and begin to release their aromas.
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
When my son realize their emotions and duty
I was happy to get some alone time and watch a show I enjoyed.
I found a sale on food that allowed me to get 20 items for 10 dollars.
I cleaned the kitchen in time before I left, and I was out the door early. 
I received my free gift from a company. 
I got very good feedback from a customer at work.
My father-in-law who is in the hospital was upgraded from ICU to the stepdown unit and is doing better.
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.[3] Since the turn of the millennium, the human flourishing approach, advanced particularly by Amartya Sen has attracted increasing interest in psychological, especially prominent in the work of Martin Seligman, Ed Diener and Ruut Veenhoven, and international development and medical research in the work of Paul Anand.
ast night i went to dinner with my parents
I finally got paid from someone I had been waiting a long time to pay me for work I had done.
I went outside with my friends and we eat delicious food from the hotel.
I enjoyed watching mr bean animated series with my son.
I planning myself to do one business dealing it was a doubtful for me but it was successfully favored my side.
i really love these live and structured fine place and wonderful scenarios and climatic events and also i like what i see i feel am great at everything.
TODAY I WENT TO MY SCHOOL. I SAW MY FRIENDS. NOW THEY ARE WORKING AS A TEACHER AS SAME SCHOOL. VERY HAPPY TO SEE MY OLD FRIENDS. I NEVER FORGET.
One of the high school coaches spoke up for my daughter to the college coach.
i purchased new video games
I talked with my friends
i played with children's to day
I WAS ENJOYED BECAUSE MY SENIOR OFFICER APPRECIATE ME FOR MY WORK
Yesterday my Land Registration was done successful  made me very happy during the past 24 hours.
My wife purchased a tshirt for me. It was soft and and good quality as I like. It also fit my size .
I won basketball medals with my team at 2017 and I missed it very much
When I got to my clients house and found out he was in a good mood.
It made me happy to talk to former co-workers who are going through difficulties with another co-worker, and to realize that we are still as close as we were. 
I did not have to go to work yesterday since it was my day off.
My dog was very happy and excited when I came home today and greeted me warmly. 
My Sister got government job
My friend give me a valuable gift today.
We finished cleaning out our old apartment, and received our full security deposit!
Yesterday While travelling to my native place i saw a old friend of mine in the bus and i was very happy because we talked together and had shared the sweet memories of our school life.
A friend came to me when she was in need of someone to talk to.
i met my old friend
I was able to go to the gym even though I was tired and I felt it was a victory. 
I went movie with my lover very first time after my engagement made very happy.
i got old type of recipe biriyani. which is make using of mud pot.
It made me happy to teach my son how to make the "V" sound. He imitated very good. 
One of my friends sharing about his current situation without hiding anything to me. 
I purchased a Air Cooler for my Office to work with a cool mind
I finished the book I was reading about the Eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt, I felt happy because; although it was a fascinating book; it took me a long time to finish and I was eager to start to read something else.
We went out to celebrate my new job and I had the BEST stuffed hamburger. I'm a big foodie and love my burgers a certain way and the way the cheese melted with the button and the extra crispy sweet potatos fries....it was the perfect dinner.
I have received a bonus payment with my salary as a gift from higher officials.
I got a new ac
It was my day to volunteer in my sons first grade class. I was lucky enough to watch them study bubbles. They were all smiles. I love watching kids and see their faces as they have fun.
I found a shirt that I thought I had lost.
I selected from my company for a training program.
I enjoyed hearing a super conversation full of teasing and laughter between my daughter and my brother.
I read a great verse from the Bible that really spoke to me.
i am still watching movie
I made a good, hearty tasting meal for dinner which made everyone happy.
He actually did a good job!
The recognition of my child in school
Sitting and watching Jeopardy with my son last night.  He even put his phone away to watch with me.
I went to my son's hockey game and they won 4-3.  It was a great comeback being down 3-0 after one period.
I was able to meet an old friend for lunch yesterday.
ride bike on hill station to enjoy the cool climate with my friends
I ate mango after years
Going out to dinner with my husband after a really long time
I got a ton of birthday wishes on my facebook wall from a lot of my friends, it always makes me feel special to know people I am friends with take time out of their day to wish me a happy birthday.
I had some success troubleshooting a project and it made me feel proud, accomplished, and happy.
When ever i remember her smile, reaction and the way she talks.
During a travel I my co passenger started discussion with me. He appreciated my experience and the views about education system. He appreciated me very much. at the end he gave me invitation to give motivational lecture to his students.
I beat my best time for 1500m on a rowing machine at the gym.
I was happy when I got to work yesterday morning and found that one of my coworkers had brought in two dozen donuts. 
I found a daycare that I really liked and felt like I could trust with my baby.
Getting a project completed at work that has been a long time in the works
I finished first several times in online video game battles.
My husband purchased a new nan for me.
I bought a new motorcycle today.
Got some unexpected overtime at work and made a little extra fun money.
When I was driving to the painting class last night, it stormed hard for about twenty minutes and then I saw a big rainbow covering the sky for the rest of the drive.
After shopping all day, we had lunch at a local diner.
Today is my husband's first payday at his new job after being unemployed for a month.
I made it to the end of the month and still have a little bit of money left in my account, thanks to MTurk work.
I got my test back and got a 98.
My husband used the grill for our dinner last night and it was so good. 
When i had happy arguement with my dad, that makes me feel happy
Just the way he said it cheered me up. I couldnat stop smiling for the rest of the day!
One day Police people called my brother one fine morning, said that, our missed CAR complaint was materialised, that day I feel so happy, why because that car is very new and too costly.

I didn't feel well and was glad to find a couple of cans of soup in the pantry which I warmed up and paired with grilled cheese sandwiches for dinner. 
When I jumped in bed at night after a fairly exhaustive day.
I made a delicious dinner of 'cheeseburger quesadillas'
My colleague brought in two flavors of kringle for us to share at lunch.
Last night I was able to go to my zumba class.  I go every Wednesday night, and it's really something that I enjoy.  It's my only "me" time that I get.
completing my assignment today 
my sentence is good day in my life oooo supper day in my life my favarat lince good food and work mturk in work my ladery 1000 prise in doo day
Last night I watched an episode of aThe Waltonsa with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks!
I passed a very hard school test with almost 100% yesterday.
Yesterday night i saw my favourite movie. My favourite director directed that movie. My favourite actor ajith was acted. I'm big fan of ultimate star ajith. He is very handsome, i like him so much. I was very happy and happily watched the movie. Movie is superb. 
Finishing my giant project 
Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.
Playing with my ten month old, and hearing him jabber back to me throughout the day made me happy. 
After our kids went to bed, my wife went out shopping and I was able to sit down and read a book for a long time.
I felt a burst of happiness when I was driving home from work, because I felt very lucky to have a great, well-paying job. 
I won first prize in Marathon yesterday, i am very happy.
I am an underwriter and I have been working on binding a large account effective 4/1. I came into work today and had a signed binder in my e-mail. Very happy to be over with that renewal! It will make my work life much better.
My favorite show survivor was on
I got all my groceries in record time.
A good nights sleep in my bed which was freshly made just yesterday.
I had a good one-on-one conversation with my supervisor about current and future work and goals. 
I had lunch with my wife and daughter at my favorite Mexican restaurant.
i wend to friend marriage function i meet my old school friends. we are enjoyed and remember the school memorable day. i am really happy thus day
I found my car keys after searching for 30 minutes.
i take rest very complete sentence
I got to sleep in until I was well rested.
I won $25 on a scratch-off lottery ticket.
I got all of my items packed for a long weekend trip.  It felt good to get the task out of the way and get everything I will be needing organized.
Actually today morning i prepared one of the unique icecream cake at home after learning it for many hours online then did it, and finally when icecream cake was done, it came well for my first attempt, which made me really happy.
My friend calling and seeing if I wanted to go to the store with her for no reason.
I spent a nice evening with my girlfriend.
My friend and me went to near by city we found that the road was damaged. there was a deep pit near the road. we two rectified. we thought that we have saved some one life
I was happy when I was given a new, challenging assignment at work. 
When I woke up early this morning and I spent 10 minutes just cuddling in bed with my wife before going to work.
My infant daughter reached out for her grandmother to pick her up.  The smile she put on both her grandmother and myself was heartwarming.
I called and spoke with an old friend. 
Each and everyone of us has a story to tell and share to others, life stories that may serve as an inspiration to other people. Every individual may have a life experience or a moment in his or her life that somehow greatly affects his or her whole life. We often share our own triumphs and travails, our victories and defeats, our happiness and despair that bring alterations to the present life situations. My story began as an ordinary boy in the state of Ferndale, Michigan. I am the youngest of five siblings, a son of Sazelia and Marvin Johnson.

My mother was a university woman who tries to acquire a bachelor's degree in Business at the University of Michigan. My father was a Mechanical Engineer who is deeply fascinated with cars. My parents are intellectual and social creatures who passed down the essential values of hard work, education and religion to their children. They make sure that we are not deprived of the essential things that we need in our education. They also impart important attitudes and ethical standards needed in conforming well to our social environment. My siblings and I grew up in happy and complete family that upholds education as the main key to success.
Getting all the bills paid for the month of April.
While on my regular job, I made an additional effort to complete a task. It felt good to have more free time afterwards.
I slept in the noon after a long time. It gave peaceful to me.
I got a compliment from my boss
I was able to complete some chores around the house that I've been meaning to get done but haven't had the time. 
I met my old friend Mary
I kissed my wife.
That I am below 195 lbs since I started working out. 
I left work earlier
Laughing and talking with my kids
I finalized the purchase of my new car by paying my taxes and getting titled.
That broker went that place don't worriedy dear child
When i complete my pending project of office which are pending from more than 2 months.
I bought my friends a steak dinner with my winnings and it was excellent. 
I made popcorn the way I like it and binge watched Grace and Frankie on Netflix.
My friend and colleague of mine today after our work decided to offer me a evening snacks and coffee .Though I refused due to some reasons he was for sure to take me to a cafe shop.Had a long talk with him and I am glad that  our understandings was taken to next level.
I received an affirming e-mail from a friend. 
I was able to work tonight and make a good amount of money.
My husband works night shift. With two kids in the house he doesnt get a lot of sleep. He got off early last night and instead of coming home and getting some rest, he went to Target and grabbed some things I needed for the kids! I felt very appreciative. 
I got to watch an episode of Star Gate with my family.
My husband's foot touching my foot in bed. 
I was happy when my favorite cousin told me that she sold her house and found a great affordable apartment nearby.  
I ate a giant plate of one of my favorite foods.
Petting my cat made me happy. 
I was able to help my wife on my day off from work. We are finally working on remodeling the upstairs bathroom. We work well together and I feel very happy to help my wife on this project.
Something that made me really happy in the past 24 hours is that my husband surprised me and told me that he was taking a four day vacation and that an old friend had called and said that they should hang out soon so on a whim he booked the hotel room and now we are both travelling back to the college that we graduated from tonight and taking a mini vacation and revisiting old friends, which is going to be really exciting. 
My daughter got really excited when I picked her up instead of her father. 
I watched a good movie last night.
Spending time relaxing at home with my cat on my lap made me happy
I was happy my boyfriend called me beautiful and that he was sorry for being so quiet and grumpy lately.
I went for a 10 mile run last night. Aside from the wind, the weather was perfect.
I put the down payment on a new vehicle.
My partner got a call for a job interview.
Going to the store and picking up some rare beer
The second thing that made me happy was that i went for a coffee with my friends.
I was at the bank and this woman let me get in front of her, to deposit my change. We were at a coin machine and because I had less change than her, to deposit, she let me go in front of her.
My grandson got to  play during his lacross game while I was watching.
Look at it this way.  It's a happy daya a that honest anticipation, that hopeful expectancy spoken by my child one early morning so many month ago can be an eye opening revelation for you too.  Look for those moments. Listen for them. Wait for them. Be grateful for them.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
My girlfriend got her PS4 today, and she had a lot of fun playing it.
My son hug me today morning and I feel very happy.
My daughter wore an appropriate outfit that was cute and looked great on her.
My son was not well and suffered from ough wheeze by past a month and got realeased yesterday .
I saw a friend that I hadn't seen in a while. It was nice getting to catch up with him and make some plans to hang out again.
Bought a bouquet for my wife , watching the happiness on her face was priceless.
Met my grandparents felt very happy 
when i watching the tv show i felt that i was all about my feelings got involved in the tv show
I ran into an old high school friend on the street, someone I had completely forgotten about, and we reconnected a bit.
Went for shopping with parents.
today morning i took breakfast was prepared by mom its very nice to eat
I effectively communicated with my wife about an upcoming event that I did not want to attend.  I usually give in or am pressured into going.  I was very plain and clear about the whole thing.  She understood and applauded me for my communication skills.  I maintained the peace and avoided going.  
Although the amount of warfare and deaths by human hands are reducing globally, you will not get that message watching televised news or reading the newspaper.
On the contrary, these media outlets have an agenda. Their goal is to appeal to your fears by inflating extreme casesaaamaking them seem normal and commonplace. If they didnt do so, their viewership would plummet. Which is why Peter Diamandis, one of the worldas experts on entrepreneurship and the future of innovation has said, I've stopped watching TV news. They couldnat pay me enough money.a
Yesterday, my manager appreciated my work on mail with copy to other colleagues.
I woke up feeling well rested this morning.
I kissed my beau.
It made me happy to think about getting started gardening this weekend.
Salade Perigourdine full of goodies, a glass of nice red wine from the ... Your personal AI assistant for writing better emails. ... It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me aI donat know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this mucha
I got my period which meant I'm not pregnant.
I watched a nice movie at home today with wife and kids. We watched a movie together after few weeks and it was so enjoyable. Kids really enjoyed the cartoon movie and me too.
My friend called and said she was coming in to visit this weekend. 
That my husband got a one dollar raise added to his hourly income, and he has 4 vacation days to use up still.
My mother surprised me at home with my favourite dish
My sister (who is blind from the effects of sugar diabetes) was struggling in all kinds of ways. Her friend recently passed away. I spent a lot of time with my sister and found some ways to help her navigate through some of the problems she's going through.
i went to the a trust and give the donation i feel very happy
I found out that my mother was approved for her loan to open two restaurants.
I went shopping for makeup with a girl friend.
I once failed a programming class. In the last 24 hours, I have started and completed basic python. Very big achievement for me.Talking to my sister in law, eating some chocolate custard, and spending some time with my youngest child.Going out and meeting old friends at pizza hut.

Woke up at the time I wanted to.
I made a dinner that the entire family enjoyed.
I sat in the hot tub at my mom's house after dinner. It has been around a year since I last sat in one and it felt amazing. It was also a great chance to relax and talk to my siblings.
Ate mexican food for dinner.
when I am going to office morning,i have not stuck in traffic ..this is also a happy moment 
My husband told me how much he enjoyed the dinner that I had made.  It makes me feel good to prepare food that our family really enjoys.
I went to a supermarket where I don't usually go, but a product that I like but seldom can buy because the supermarket is not close by, and had this product for lunch.
I got free 50MB in my broadband connection and it made me happy
I made myself a large mug of coffee and read the news.
I discovered a great deal on some shoes I'd been considering for a few weeks. Looking forward to ordering and receiving them.
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
I got the news of my promotion to a higher post.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
When my brother got a new job offer from abroad
I was happy to have shed a few pounds.
I played video games with my kids and we all had a blast.
I found an item that I thought I lost a week ago. I thought I lost it in public, but I found it in my bag.
I have done a hit and I thought I have committed a slight mistake and I will get rejected but the requester accepted my hit. 
I got a high score on a game I was playing.
I made an appointment to get my hair cut for next week. I was happy that my stylist was able to squeeze me in.
Nowadays, happiness is a fuzzy concept and can mean many different things to many people. Part of the challenge of a science of happiness is to identify different concepts of happiness, and where applicable, split them into their components. Related concepts are well-being, quality of life and flourishing. At least one author defines happiness as contentment.[6] Some commentators focus on the difference between the hedonistic tradition of seeking pleasant and avoiding unpleasant experiences, and the eudaimonic tradition of living life in a full and deeply satisfying way.
i fall in love with my girl friend
It was finally sunny yesterday after having rained and been cloudy for a week straight.
I purchased a new Samsung mobile.
I started working with my new cabinet members.
my son told me  he will take 100 percent score mark his board exam.
i really love these live and structured fine place and wonderful scenarios and climatic events and also i like what i see i feel am great at everything.
TODAY I WENT TO MY SCHOOL. I SAW MY FRIENDS. NOW THEY ARE WORKING AS A TEACHER AS SAME SCHOOL. VERY HAPPY TO SEE MY OLD FRIENDS. I NEVER FORGET.
My daughter made 2 birdies in a row in her golf match.
i got a new job
I brought things I always wanted.
i  make chicken curry to day
EVERY WORK COMPLETED AT TIME PERIOD AND THE SENIOR APPRECIATED ME
Myself with other two friends decided to some business; agreement was completed by 24 hours made me very happy.
I helped my daughter for her homework and she had a chance to correct for mistakes. She was happy to deliver a completed and correct results.
I saw her on airport  The girl with face I could not miss
When I got home and my wife gave me a kiss.
It made me happy that my daughter received praise at work from her superior. 
I met my daily goal for survey income and realized how close I was getting to being able to buy my husband the camera he wants.
I was able to spend the night playing video games. 
I got Sanctioned Bank Loan
My husband, children and I visit the zoo.
My partner and I celebrated our three year anniversary.
Yesterday my wife prepared me a very delicious meal and it reminded me of my mothers cooking taste and i was very happy.
I was depressed about a nightmare, but I was cheered up by my friends and family.
i went to watch movie last night
I was able to plan out my finances for the month and I felt accomplished. 
My lover presented one precious gift to me made very happy.
i enjoyed a long drive several years back.
It made me happy to come in first place in a game that I was playing on the phone. 
Looking after my most lovable person.
I purchased a Washing Machine to wash my clothes
My child was hungry and we stil had to wait for another 15 minute for the dinner to cook, he was very grumpy but like a miracle my husband came form work  a little bit early and actually saved the evening; I felt vey happy because my son loves and misses his father very much and forgot his bad mood immediately and started to cheer.
That I could see the pure joy in my mother in laws face when we asked her if she could watch our twin daughters 2 days a week while I worked. She loves the kids more than I think she loves us big kids.
As planned before, my family booked tickets for a 15 day holiday trip to New Zealand. 
I got a salary increase
My daughter who is grounded has to do chores to take off days from her grounding. She came and asked me what else she could do and she saw the bottom of my feet. They are pretty sore right now since I have been going on long walks trying to get in shape. She rubbed my feet for at least thirty minutes without me paying her. It was so nice, 
I got to complete a $10 HIT.
My friend George give me a gift, it is a pen which is very costly one.
We were planning for my brother's honeymoon.
I went clothes shopping with my children and was able to find everything we needed.
I reached my daily work goal which made me happy.
I got to take a nap in the afternoon,
My child show me how good she is in school
finding a beautiful rock that said "Don't be Blue"   If you don't know about a facebook group called st. pete rocks. its an awesome group. I love the rock i found.
I came home after the hockey game and had pasta for dinner.  I was starving so it definitely hit the spot.
I was able to spend extra time studying my Bible yesterday.
walked with my dog for too long distance to reach my grandma's house.
prepared spaghetti for the first time 
Finally picking out a new mattress and bed
I took the day off yesterday and was successful in fixing an issue I had with my car that had been bothering me for awhile, so saving money doing it myself made me happy.
My child wrote his first thank you card for a friend of mine for a gift he received, which made me very happy.
When i could be with her.
While I was walking towards the departmental stores, one man stopped near me and asked for a address. on probing further I came to know that he was looking for a bank address which was on opposite side. He became very happy to know that he got correct location and address. It was a happy moment for me also.
I ate a home-cooked burrito with a variety of toppings.
I was happy yesterday when I received my electric bill and found it to be $50 less than last month's bill.  
I made a very delicious breakfast that was really healthy!
Talking on the phone with my daughter, checking in about her day after school
I cleaned my house in detail and used a new air freshener that I really like.
I see a funny video from YouTube.
I went with my family in  a restaurant and eat tasteful food.
Finally got around to upgrading my computer and it runs much better.
When I stepped on the scale this morning it showed that I've officially lost 8 pounds!
Later that day, I went to the local bingo day.
My kids played together without quarreling.
The weather was warm enough after work that I could pull my feral cat traps out and clean them all thoroughly.
I started a new show and got addicted to it.
I watched one of my favorite movies before going to bed and had funny dreams because of it. 
When i had a happy outing with my girlfriend. I was happy to the core
I was really very happy that I havent took the advantage of his mistake. Now, why Iaam happy because, I knew that Iam honest but sometime when you realise your honest self, itas a pleasure for you, itas a happiness for your soul and this happiness everyone should have in their life at least once, in whatever way it comes.
The Day our PG Medico results came, I little bit anxiety to see in what position i am in. after seeing the results I was shocked and wondered, got distinction, the moment my legs are not on the floor, feeling like I am in the Air, really its wonderful moment for my life.
My father-in-law has been in and out of the hospital and was having a good day at home yesterday.
When I left work after a fairly long day.
My son had a fantastic day in school, he had a hard time adjusting at first so his good days make me very happy
There was a new episode of one of my favorite TV shows on last night and it was really good!
My oldest daughter colored me a beautiful picture yesterday, and emphasized the word love.  She gave it to me with a big smile and a hug.  I loved it.
Going out to restaurant with friends 
happy moment in day supper day in my life my during well down happy don my computer work in my life in day in well com in well co day good 
Drinking a ginger tea , thatas all there is , this week hasn't been very exciting or happy , in fact itas been rather tiring and stressful but itas fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.
I stepped on the scale this morning  and seen that I had lost another 2 pounds.
Yes. I played new game in my smartphone. I just downloaded it google play store and started to play. I'm addicted to that game. Game is excellent. Game name Farmville country escape. Nice graphics and love to play. Very good game. Happy to play this game again and again. I love it. 
When I Aced my midterm for programming 
I took a cab and it was morning 8:30am, I was on the way to office.

After reaching my office, I needed to pay him seventy rupees, I had given him a hundred rupees note, he should give me back thirty rupees but instead he gave seventy rupees to me( a fifty and one twenty rupees notes). I was in hurry and I just took the change from him and while putting it into my purse, I noticed the fifty rupees and it striked on my mind, I given him back seventy rupees and took thirty rupees from him.

After giving him back his money, he was really very happy that I haven't took the advantage of his mistake. Now, why I'm happy, I'm happy because, I knew that I'm honest but sometime when you realise your honest self, it's a pleasure for you, it's a happiness for your soul and this happiness everyone should have in their life at least once, in whatever way it comes.
Going out and shopping at Target for something other than basic needs made me happy. 
I was expecting to have to stay late at work, but found out at the last minute that I'd be able to leave on time.
I felt exhilaration after finishing a particularly hard work out yesterday evening. 
Got a call yesterday from a famous TV game show to participate, so happy.
Today I realized that baseball season starts next week. I am from New England and am a life time Red Sox fan. I associate baseball season with the weather getting better and its finally here! Its been a long winter and the Sox open on Monday can't wait!! 
Listened to a live podcast on survivor
Pizza didn't come out burned at all.
I woke up to a healthy breakfast of fresh fruit and herbal tea.
I went out to lunch with a coworker at my favorite local taqueria, enjoying their foods, which are my favorite authentic Mexican comfort foods, including al pastor. 
I was about to give up on a show I'm watching as it was slowing down, but I just watched an episode that made me fall in love with it again.
my office annual day last week. i participant the dance and i getting first price. i very happy and enjoyed the function.
A friend let me know that they can go to a final four party they initially couldn't go to.
i do work in only two hours and take complete rest
The day was sunny with a slight breeze.
I shopping and found two new tops to wear.
I talked to my boyfriend on the phone.  He works remote so I do not get to see him very often, and he works a lot so we do not talk very often, every chance we get to have a good conversation is well appreciated. 
Actually today morning when i got up i saw pair of multicolored two cute birds on my balcony, which was unique birds, which i had not seen before, so those cute birds made me really very happy.

Volunteering at the food pantry I run and getting our job done in half the time it normally does.
I went to the cinema and watched a good movie.
My wife and me went to near by shop their we lost our purse. We searched any where but we could not find it. We lost it one week before. But yesterday a good gentle man sent that to my address. we were happy.
I was happy when my boyfriend informed me he's getting published in a literary journal.
When my wife told me that thanks to our neighbor's help we may finally get a place in a day care center / nursery for our baby girl.
Being able to stick to my diet even though my husband ordered applied pie during dinner last night and I didn't have any.  I was happy that I was able to have the strength of will.
An old client contacted me to offer a gig.
A happy campus is an interesting place for study. Students can both study and practice. A happy campus has a lot of good facilities and people. There are also many places for recreation. There are a lot of good facilities in a happy campus. It has an excellent library with many kinds of books and modern technology. ATM machines are on every corner of a happy campus. In addition, ppppppublic transportation is convenient and cheap. Students in a happy campus study together friendly and studiously. Although they may come from different places, they help each other in studying as well as in their life, and share ideas. They can play sports and take part in activities together after class. They practice much more than studying in theory. A happy city also has many places for recreation. There are green park, large stadium,A and fitness center for studying and relaxing. Many clubs are opened on weekend, such as English club, cooking club, dancing club etc. Moreover, there are many places for students to visit, such as galleries, museum, cultural activities.
Eating dinner at home with my parents for the first time in a long time.
A walk with my wife while our kids were practicing judo.
I dropped my wife to her office in bike after a long time.
I left work earlier than usually
My dog finally is able to do the trick I've been trying to teach him for awhile now. 
I ate in a good fish restaurant 
I watched my six month old daughter try avocado for the first time.
I was happy to receive the cigars I ordered a day earlier than expected. 
I ate a very good dinner
Hearing birds outside my window this morning, and seeing the sun shine
My boyfriend and I had awesome sex before bed, it was great.
But I can't controlled my emotions still now also not controlled god help me please
I come back to me home from office and i see my newphew at home who came from austria after 3 years.
I read a good book last night once I got home from eating my steak dinner.
I took a survey on Mturk and got paid a high amount. 
Today at work place my manager had some technical problems.As I was an expert in handling in such problems I decided to show up and solve it.I solved it and my manager was much happy at me and my personality image was taken to next level.It was a proud and happy moment for me.
I had a huge pile of receipts and bills that I have been ignoring for several weeks and I was very happy to be done sorting them (even my wife commented on the smile on my face). 
I got to sit and chat with one of my best friends for a long time tonight.
My 5 year old had Queen Day at school today, meaning she got to dress up like a queen. I dressed her this morning fixed her hair, put on her earrings and little high heels then let her look in the mirror. The look on her face when she saw herself almost made me cry with joy. 
My wife let me play Zelda on the big tv last night.
Listening to my 15 year old son listing things that he loves about himself
It made me happy when I looked outside and saw flowers blooming.  After a long cold winter this was pure happiness.
I had a few drinks at my favorite bar.
The sun was finally shining
Rewarding myself with Skinny Pete's chicken wings and beer for dinner. These wings are my favorite of all time and they never disappoint.
Something that made me really happy in the past 24 hours is that I found out this morning that I had won a 25 dollar raffle from an mTurk survey that I had done all the way back in September and that made me really happy because I hardly win anything, but I managed to get it somehow and that made me really happy because I wasn't expecting it at all. 
A coworker got me a t-shirt. 
I received an approval for a credit card I applied for
I was happy to talk with my fiance on the phone last night
I was happy because I was moved to a different shift and got to work at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln, NE!
I talked to my mom about new phrases in Chinese I was learning. 
I got a package in the mail I had been waiting on. It was a new laptop.
I stepped on the scale yesterday and saw that I had lost 1.2 pounds.
Watching the latest episode of survivor
The third thing that made me happy was that i worked a little bit more and made some more money.
I was able to see my friend when I went to the store. We spoke for a little bit and that made me happy.
I found leftovers in the back of the fridge so I didn't have to cook anything for dinner.
One Month ago, one morning just beyond daybreak, I was snug in my bed, blankets tucked under my chin, sleeping the sound, deep, dreamless, sleep that comes upon a mother of two toddlers. When, suddenly, my left eyelid was peeled back from my eyeball. At last a happy day!a 
I found a dollar on the ground
I got a bonus from my boss based on my performance at work.
I was on a date with my girlfriend.
I went rollerblading while listening to a new playlist I created on Spotify and had such a fun time weaving around the road while listening to dance music. 
I spoke to a loan officer today, which made me feel good about moving forward toward my dream of owning another home.
I found a very yummy recipe for lemon blueberry bread.
I read a book by candlelight while it rained.
I was happy watching the excitement in my kid as she watched the rocket take off.
I made a dish for the first time and it turned out great
I received very positive praise and feedback from my client in front of my supervisors.
I saw my dog. 
I was out in front of my house working when a lady stopped and made a nice comment about the flowers.
My neighbor got a new adorable puppy and I'm terribly excited to hang out with it
I went shopping and got some very good deals.
I watched an episode of one of my favorite television shows, "Survivor", I really got to relax and enjoy the episode after a long day at work.
I applied a coupon code on a movie app. I got 75% cash back.
I petted and played with a friend's beautiful dog (golden retriever).
My husband fixed the air conditioning in my car, yesterday was hot and my electric windows don't roll down, so I was very happy driving home and being cool!
I cut open a melon and it was very ripe.
This girl at work that I think is very attractive asked me out on a date for Saturday.
I found out that I could leave early from work today since I finished all of my tasks early.
Watched portions of the New Patriots win the superbowl that we recorded. 
I made a nice steak dinner for my fiance after work today and he really loved it.
I got some news about my mother who has been really sick lately, and she has been getting some good treatment.
Winning my league basketball game last night.
I didn't have to go to dinner with people that I hate because they cancel. It was the best relief ive had all week
I reached 85 woodcutting on Runescape.
I watched one of my favorite movies: Up, it made me smile
I made a large mug of coffee.
I made sugar cookies. 
My dog passed his obedience training school
I completed a job interview today and did not embarrass myself. 
Normally I am not at level of post at my work to attend weekly meeting in my office.But surprisingly I was called for that meeting to discuss confidential concerns.I was glad that I could gain their trust.
I talked to an old friend that I haven't talked to since last summer. 
MY DAUGHTER IS VISITING FROM ATLANTA WITH HER DAUGHTER AND WE WENT TO THE PARK.
I had drinks with my co-workers after work.
I took a drive through some pretty countryside.
My favorite barista was working at the Starbucks this morning and she prepared my coffee.
I had a picnic in the woods.
I was able to avoid potential disaster at work today with a Medicare claim, that could have potentially cost me a lot of flack. 
Going to Ikea with my kids.
Just got another PR while riding my bike home.
The sun came out.  It has been rainy for about a week and I took a walk and enjoyed he nice weather for a few minutes.  It was a good break.

I took my son to lacrosse practice today.  It was great to see him interacting with his friends and having fun.
I set up a Memorial Day weekend trip.
I won a $10 Amazon gift card in an mTurk researcher's raffle.
Accomplish a new thing from a game i am playing.
My son received a great score on a science test.
I haven't been feeling well.  I was so happy I found the time to take a nap today.
I talked to my son on the phone.
I was happy when I found out that Michael Flynn was willing to testify in exchange for immunity because I am hopeful that he will expose the truth about Russian collusion in the Trump administration.
Yesterday we bought a new house in apartment, its our dream to buy a new house in apartment that was a happiest moment.
Cooking dinner for my girlfriend and her being extra appreciative.
We hired maids to clean the house and even though I didn't want to pay it looks so nice now!
My friend Stan came by and said hello. I have not seen him in weeks and we got to have some coffee and chat. 
I got a special incentive today for successfully completing my work on time and I am very happy.
I finished studying for a test that I had the day after.
My parents told me they will be stopping by to celebrate my son's birthday with us this weekend.
I went on a long and successful run
My professor told me i could be done with my assistantship work for a while
I beat The Legend of Zelda.
I rewatched a movie that I didn't like much the first time and was surprised to find it far more enjoyable.
Playing with my cat.
My baby smiled at me
My boss bought me dinner from my favorite local Thai restaurant. I was happy because I got my favorite peanut chicken dinner.
The weather was nice and I was able to mow my lawn.
We learned a friend is bringing by a wonderful dog for us to dog sit for a week.
I was very happy to find out that a certain model of bicycle that I have been waiting to purchase in now available
I was able to snuggle with both children for fifteen minutes before work.
I climbed further in Overwatch competitive and got to Gold.
I was made happy last night when I finally got to eat pasta again after a long hiatus. I was happy because I love carbs and have been restrictive with it for a while. 
Being able to breath again without being dependent on constantly utilizing an asthma inhaler.
The pool team that I play in won our match tonight at home, 6-3. A decent performance.
My wife woke me up with sex. 
I was happy when I saw a very nice rooftop scene from an office.  I took a good photo and was glad.
As a teacher working at a charter school, I received two new students that just enrolled.
My neighbor raises rabbits and I found out just a few hours ago, that I'm getting bunnies, 2 I think. 
As I was teaching a poem by Edna St. Vincent Millay this afternoon, I saw a look of amused recognition on a student's face as he realized what the poem was about.
My daughter was happy to spend time with me
Not having to travel to work this morning. 
I went out to a new restaurant and it made me really happy because it was nice.
Presenting my research at a research conference at my university. 
I received my letter of admission in the mail to the University that I applied to.
We had a retirement party for one of my co-workers today. She gave a very emotional speech and expressed how much she enjoyed working with all of us. At the end she thanked everyone individually for being great co-workers and attending her party.
When me and my friend got together to watch a series just last night, we were able to complete a lot of episode and made great progress on the series. 
My dogs were all three vying for my attention by jumping at my feet and simultaneous giving me lots of doggy kisses.
The power came back on at my house after 28 hours. 
I bought some beer. 
We got our Chevy Malibu fixed.
Being able to sleep in unexpectedly.  My husband got up with the kids.
I had an amazing brunch with my parents
I was able to reduce my errands today, visiting less places with the same amount of effectiveness.
My boss brought some really good cookies to work yesterday.
I was able to watch my favorite television program this evening and did so uninterrupted.
This morning I received a call with an excellent new job offer.
In the past 24 hours, I was happy to meet up for coffee with my ex-manager and catch up with each other.
I got permission to take half a day leave today, to go to my sister's town and spend week ends with her.
My son and I went to the movies in the theater to see Beauty and the Beast.
I had sex with my partner. 
i got the call for a job interview i have been waiting for, i really wasn't expecting it.
I ran into an old friend at the gym and talked for a bit.
Getting in a really big workout.
My friend gave me some Easter jelly beans.
it made me happy to see my baby boy walking for the first time 
I saw childhood friends
My drive to work only took 35 minutes this morning, when it usually takes between 40-45 minutes.
I went to lunch with my best friend today.
I have a warranty on my car, so I took my car to get it fixed with no costs out of my pocket.
My daughter had a problem with her homework and she asked me to help instead of my ex-wife.
I reached an important milestone in a book that I'm writing.
My best friend gave birth to her first baby girl.
I watched a good movie on Netflix last night
Waking up on time
I finished reading a book that i had been struggling with 
i watched movie with my friends
The girl at Taco Bell gave me a free soda because I didn't have enough cash on me.
I lost another pound.
One thing that made me happy was going grocery shopping. 
my moms birthday celebration it's a big moment
I found out I had more money than I thought and was so excited.
I had some tacos after craving them for weeks. It was so good!
It made me happy when I talked with my friend.
My daughter had thrown up all night and started feeling better. 
I went to get my favorite brew.
I found a really nice outfit to wear out of town.
I had a chat with a friend about a game we were both playing.
Morning jogging .
I visited my grandmother. I took her to a doctor's appointment, grocery shopping, and then we enjoyed lunch at her house. My daughter was also with us and she loves her great-grandmother.
I had a great meeting with some coworkers that really pushed our progress forward and made me happy.
I had blacked out a week ago on xanax and lost my cell phone. When I was walking into my house today I found it in the woods.
My sister texted me and said we're going to the beach for the weekend
Finding a show on amazon prime which I actually enjoyed made me happy in the past 24 hours.
My daughter gave me a big hug and kiss and said I love you Daddy.
I gave the cat his new bed and he immediately went into it!
When I came home from work and my two dogs greeted me with excitement and warmth.
I ended up going shopping at the store earlier in the evening and bought a lottery ticket, I ended up winning $500.
when my wife kissed me when i came home
I taught my blind dog to navigate with a new sonar device
My handicapped pet chicken hobbled over to me excitedly this morning as soon as she saw I was awake.
I made chicken enchiladas.
I heard back from a job interview 
Going to my small group at church today made me extremely happy. It is so nice to get out and see my friends. I enjoy connecting with women and getting some adult conversation time in. 
I bought two slices of my favorite kind of pizza (basil and tomato) at my favorite pizza place.
I received a positive feedback from my professor in the morning.
We had a team meeting at office yesterday and one of the exercise was to introduce ourselves and tell our background. I felt happy sharing my past experiences to the team
I saw my bosses at work thank someone who was leaving.
Went to see a movie with my friend
Earlier today, I was watching a bowling event with my wife, and she really enjoyed it. This was very enjoyable because this doesn't happen often.
I watched basketball on TV.
I love play Soccer with my Friends during the day
My dog finally learn to catch the ball tonight. 
Tricking my dog into taking her medicine.
Today I slept in late because work was slow, however when I woke up lots of high paying work was up and I was able to relax instead of worrying. It allowed me to have time to do other stuff.
My husband and I were able to take our baby on a walk because it was cool enough tonight.
last 24 hours of Willy Roman's life. ... be defined by a single event and their subsequent attempts to disguise or eradicate the event.  Biff's statement, "I'm a dime a dozen, and so are you" is true after all.
I made a real friend at work: she shared that she's genderfluid, and shares many opinions about coworkers that I do. It's a relief to both of us. 
In the last 24 hours I was happy because I went to a movie theater and enjoyed a movie.
I felt happy yesterday when I came home from work and laid down on the couch. I put a blanket over myself and my kitten jumped on my chest and gave me a face nuzzle and a lick to say hello. I felt overjoyed with happiness and love for her and we started to cuddle and watch tv together while she purred. 
I found some money around my house that I misplaced.
I received a package that I was waiting for. 
It made me very happy to buy me a giant pizza with my girlfriend.
My wife started her maternity leave today.
I did well in a competitive game I was playing today. 
My daughter 7 year old kid won a competition in her school and they invited us and we are honored. some happy moments for me.
I read a book called "Highly Illogical Behavior" that I really enjoyed.
My four year old grandson told me he loved me and gave me a big hug!
Today was the first day of a 24-day health challenge/cleanse.  Throughout the day, and more so this evening, I'm happy I was able to reach all day 1 goals.
My wife's friend complimented me and said I was very good looking and that my wife is very lucky.
I got to go get tacos for lunch. That made me super happy
I found a parking spot close to my apartment.
I just found out my phone bill will be 50 dollars cheaper per month.
My daughter snuggled with me for an hour before we got up.
I found out that my son, who is in Kindergarten, is testing at a 2nd grade level.
I got a haircut that I really am happy with.
I made some popcorn and watched a movie with my 11 year old son. Sometimes my life gets so busy that I don't take the time to really enjoy some time like this with my son. It feels really special when we do stuff together and it makes me really happy.
I had the opportunity to watch my daughter speak in front of her entire school at an assembly this morning.  
I booked a studio session with my cousin! I haven't seen him in a while, and I'm excited.
My 15 year-old son called me to tell me that he passed his driving test after working so hard.
I was really happy today when my son took a long nap so I could get some things done around the house.
I had my lunch with my colleges together this noon in one restaurant, and had a very nice lunch time. 
One event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to hold a long conversation with a coworker that seems to typically shy away from others.
I was in the grocery and found my favorite flavor of frozen pizza. 
A basketball player had a great performance in a game that I was watching. 
I found the perfect colored rocks for my Betta fish bowl.  
I met my coworker and her bf wanted for drinks and they (along with the beer, the everything pretzel, and the ice cream) made me really happy.
I talked to a Girl from Vietnam .She was cute and friendly !
This morning I was in the kitchen making coffee. My dog sat in my way just staring at me, so I did a little side jump towards him and jumped back. He proceeded to jump towards me then back. This play increased in intensity for about 15 minutes till we were to the point of wrestling and I became wore out. It was fun and towards the end I was laughing so hard trying to stay on my feet.
when i climbed into bed last night, it felt really relaxing to just watch a couple youtube vids and feel free.
Today I bought my second Android smart phone.
I saw her on rainy days. She brought a pink bag . I thought that girl I would love whole girl
I enjoyed playing Foosball with my daughter tonight.
March 30th was my birthday. Got calls calls and wishes from my friends and relatives whom I didn't expect at all. That made me do happy.
Ordered pizza from a local pizzeria, best pizza in town. 
I was happy when I got to go to happy hour with my coworkers
Celebrated 60th Birth Day of my Father
A child whom I tutor weekly was about to leave our session with her mother and she raced back to me, grabbed my waist and told me she loved me.
We won the cricket match in office team match
Watching my partner complete a workout and seeing him be proud of himself (he's been injured recently).
I received a gift from a family member.
I wen to to watch Ghost in the Shell with my wife.
Finding out that I can get my health care premiums paid for by a trust.
I brought my daughter to high school today for orientation.  I am very happy and proud of her in her motivation in school. 

I had lunch with my best friends and we laughed a lot.
Watching an ASMR Youtube video after getting home from work.
I got to go swimming with my dog.
I took my dog to the store and she was really good.
My husband woke me up this morning with a full breakfast in bed.
We had a reunion with my colleagues in high school. We watched movies and eat lunch in a restaurant. It feels good to see your friends again after a very long time.
My cat continued to recover from her obstipation.
My husband made me a birthday cake with sprinkles.
I completed all of my work load at work and had enough time to assist a fellow co-worker with a bit of theirs.
When i got home my room mate had cleaned up the kitchen and everything without having to be asked.
My husband and I are from different cultures. He is from Egypt and can be a sexist jerk sometimes. Sometimes he can be mr modern. Anyhow he was being a big jerk. I told him and off and we had a big fight and I had been depressed for days. We made up and it got way better.
I got a free coffee from my local coffeeshop.
I started a new internship at a public relations company called Cashman and Associates. This made me happy because I went to school for journalism, graduated with a degree and experience in public relations (from a previous internship) and haven't done anything with that experience until now. It feels good to start working towards something I actually went to school for (and have previous experience in.)
My boyfriend and I met up to talk and he was looking into my eyes and smiling giddily. 
An old friend of mine came into town unexpectedly and we spent the whole day together.
This morning my boyfriend got a job offer that he really wanted.
Got a new client and an exciting new project to work on. 
My kids and I got home from school and we all had a snack of fresh fruit and nobody complained.
I watched a movie I hadn't seen in a while and rather enjoy.
I took a break from work and took a walk in the neighborhood today while the sky was clear and the air was clean and the trees and gardens around seemed bright with color.
I have successfully completed my project and my client appreciated me very much
I presented something to my new boss and he really bought into the project.
My parents stopped by to visit me a day before my birthday (which is tomorrow), I was happy to see them and I greatly enjoyed visiting with them.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
I was able to sleep in this morning and have a full nights' rest. I feel refreshed.
I am married , but my brother still he did not get any spouse .  I registered so many matrimonial finally yesterday night we got one spouse  she almost match to my brother . she said ok for marriage . Almost 3 years I am searching spouse for him. finally We got . It is a very event .
I ate a really good beef meal.
Every time you perform a selfless act, your brain produces serotonin, a hormone that eases tension and lifts your spirits. Not only that, but treating people with love, dignity, and respect also allows you to build stronger relationships.Have you noticed that a lot of successful people tend to be early risers? Waking up at the same time every morning stabilizes your circadian rhythm, increases productivity, and puts you in a calm and centered state.
I somehow managed to clean my living room completely.
I found $10 in a jacket this morning.
I was very happy when my 3-year old son wrote two uppercase A's and one lowercase on his Magnadoodle and then surprised me with it.
I spent a good part of the day with a longtime friend of mine working on repairs and renovations to our family home. It was nice to be outdoors for a change instead of being at home all of the time with my nose buried in a textbook! I've always enjoyed doing hands-on type of work, even though I don't do it very often, and that made me happy as a result. I find that being physically engaged with a particular task diminishes my stress levels considerably for some reason.
Someone recognized me from an event I recently hosted.
I had lunch with my friends. 
I attended a luncheon and video given by an intercity learning center for the purpose of assisting underprivileged children by providing them training and meals every evening after school. 
An event that happened this morning that made me happy was going to my Mother's home and having a cup of tea with her.
I was talking to my 3 year old granddaughter today.  She loves taking her dance classes and then playing outside on the playground.  Her dad takes her.  She told me today that she is going to have Daddy take the dance class and she will be outside on the playground.
My kids played well together while we were at a store.
Yesterday evening I had shopping with my friends.  It was fun and exciting. 
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

My lunch tasted really good.
I was happy at the end of the day when I could lay in bed and watch TV.
My aunt who has been very sick in the hospital got to come home today. She is a dialysis patient and we found out that her kidneys were not shutting completely down. She was tested for several health issues and the results came back good.
Getting to do yoga unexpectedly. 
I eat my favorite food 
I was playing disc golf, which I am new to, and make a shot from about 30 feet away.
Our household bought a new washer and dryer.
My wife prepared my favorite food.
After a rough work shift yesterday, my boyfriend sent me silly memes and texts this morning which made me laugh and reminded me of how good our relationship is.
I went out to eat at a nice place.
I was selected as the winner for a random lottery drawing from an mturk hit.  It was a $10 prize which is a lot of money to an mturk worker!
My Mom picked me up yesterday from my apartment and I went to watch Logan with my sister and Mom. 
My manager took me aside and personally thanked me for the hard work I've been doing the past few weeks. 
It made me happy to see a friend after a long time, and get a meal with her, catching up on each other's lives, cracking jokes and sharing a yummy milkshake. 
The tile got laid down in my bathroom floor.
My happiest moment on the past 24 hours, I went to theatre with my best friends, its joyful moment.
I felt happy when me and my spouse decided to have physical relations in the morning it made me really happy to feel connected in that way. 
my son adopted a kitten.
Got to listen to a favorite podcast's brand new episode.
I learned there's a big snowstorm coming, and I love snow!
 I was happy to experience a new location as traveling opens my mind. Yesterday I went to the Florida Keys.  I was able to see how others, different from me, live and thrive.  I enjoyed the novelty.  I was lonely sometimes.  Fortunately, as Thoreau said, I've never found a companion as companionable as solitude. 
got new smartphone
I pulled myself out of my depression and decided to make the most of my day off by being productive and committing to it.
yesterday my father start some new business .its very happy news for all of as in my family .That day we are going for sivan temple. 
While I'm lying down on the sofa,my mother tickle me....i was laughing.
While I`m lying down on the sofa,my mother tickle me....I was laughing.
I found out my mother, who has a lot of health problems, got a positive result back on a recent medical test. 
I was taken by surprise when my daughter had a plaque made for me for my classroom with my name on it. I had no idea she was doing this, and I was so surprised and happy.
My husband and I got our initial approval for a mortgage to buy the house we've been wanting.
My son made me happy by running into the bedroom, jumping on me, and waking me up to his laughter and smile.
I got to hangout with a relative i havent seen in a long time.
I went to the store and got a lottery ticket. This ticket had given me double the money that i had put into it.
I went and picked up dinner and drove to my grandmothers to eat. We sat at her table and talked for a long time. She ate well. This made me happy to spend time with her and know that she had eaten. 
yesterday we are complete our long time project in my office so i m very happy at the moment
I have a tanning bed that I have had for 6 years. I rarely ever use it. I have been trying to sale it for over a year and no one wants to buy it. I finally sold it today. I am so very excited to have the extra room and the extra money. 
My son did some work I saw and happy to me
I was told by an expert that my financial goal on a very important sale was easily reachable
In the last 24 hours I have been praised and given an additional raise for my performance in my new promotion. I was promoted from a cashier to a merchandiser and running a department to the human resources coordinator and cash office associate. I have been so happy to finally take a step closer yo my long term career goals. 
yesterday, i got a new mobile is my happiest moment.
I ate really good barbecue for lunch.
my friend gave me two tickets to a baseball game for opening day.
I enjoyed a wonderful home cooked meal.
I came across that famous quote of Charlie Chaplin which says 'Nothing is permanent in this wicked world - not even our troubles',that gives a big sense of comfort in my present situation and so made me happy
I ate a good sandwich a couple of hours ago that I really enjoyed.
I visited the doctor to talk about fixing some problems.
I was getting ready to do some work on mturk, when I received an invite to a hit which paid around $9 for 20 minutes of work.
I went out and played Pokemon Go on a nearby hiking trail for an hour.
I learned that I would receive $33 as a tax refund rather than having to pay. 
My boss took me out for lunch today and paid for it. 
I enjoyed a quiet moment tonight with my kids, snuggling and reading stories.  I came up with an idea for a book tribute that I could write and give to them when they were older.  The moment warmed my heart.  
Yesterday morning I was feeling a little grumpy and wanted a good cup of coffee to start the day, which to me consist of coffee, sugar and cream, but I didn't have any cream. Without being ask my husband went out and bought me a packet of coffee mate. I thought that was the sweetest thing ever. It really started my day off right. Totally made me happy.
While i am lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me i was laughing.
When i saw my physics perfect A+ grade
Bike dealer gave me the discount of 20% off on new bike.
Yesterday i went my sister home.She celebrate her 28th birthday in her husband home down.I gave a Motorola g phone her birthday gift.Her husband gave a saree. We cut black forest cake and ate sweet&mixtures etc..We saw cinema in inox theatre king hong 3d film.Then we back our homedown.
While I am lying down on the sofa my mother tickle me.... i was laughing.
Watched my favorite movie with my best friend (over the internet.) Brought back fond memories of the first time we watched it over two years ago. The movie and her company were enjoyable too, of course. Made me extremely happy.
I PURCHASE A NEW BIKE IN LOW PRICE DUE TO BS4 VEHICLE LAUNCHED.
Someone commented in a positive, affirmative way on a post I made on social media.
I was happy when my pizza arrived at my house. I ordered a stuffed crust pepperoni. 
My coworker told me her daughter requested that I babysit her again since she enjoyed hanging out with me so much.
This evening I was able to try a rare beer that I have been waiting to have for a while.
While I'm lying down on the sofa. My mother tickle me. I was laughing.
yesterday, i got a new mobile is my happiest moment.
Spent an hour talking with an old friend.
I went to the barbershop where I usually go to and had my haircut.
The day with my wife
It was my wives birthday yesterday and I bought her a moose painting. She was really surprised. It made me happy.
I finally spent some time with my wife.
I took a walk at lunch on a sunny day.
I just finished my school week on a Wednesday, which is giving me a 6-day weekend. 
I WENT TO SHOPPING WITH MY FAMILY BUYING LOT OF TOYS FOR MY SON IS MY HAPPIEST MOMENT IN THE FAST 24 HOURS....
I got a new haircut and got my hair colored. 
I got to see a friend of mine for several hours that I haven't seen for a year.
I was happy to talk to my parents for the first time in a long time.
I got an amazing haircut that makes me look older and makes me feel pretty.
Today we purchased a new laser engraver at work which will be a great thing to increase sales and bring in new customers.
Ran into an old friend while I was out and about.
I was so happy to hear from my six year old grandson that he was chosen to be in a school play and it's going to be about the Three Little Pigs. 
I had a great dinner at a Lebanese restaurant with a friend.
my friend came from abroad today and he give me a stylish mobile phone.
I was able to video chat with a friend in Spain.
I AM FEEL VERY HAPPY IN THE PAST 24 HOURS  BECAUSE AM TRAVELLING WITH MY CLOSE FRIENDS THAT HAPPY EVENT.
An event that made me happy was going to a concert out of town with my brother. 
Me and my co-worker completed a difficult job at work. 
I saw a picture on Reddit of a big tarantula and it had really fancy purple lines on it's head, I thought it was really cute.
Yesterday I ate chicken fried rice at a small restaurant.
I noticed that there were many pieces of chicken in the meal. Some of the pieces were quite large. I was pleased and happy.
I WENT TO MEENAKSHI AMMAN TEMPLE WITH MY FAMILY MEMBERS.
A student in my class made a particularly good joke.
I GOT A NEW CAR. I WAS VERY EXCITED, BECAUSE THIS IS MY FIRST SPORTS CAR.
My daughter came up and hugged me and said that she loved me forever. 
I got my subscription box of Korean face masks in the mail. It made me happy because I like getting things in the mail, there's always lots of interesting and different masks to try, and it is something good for my body and relaxation. I like using them to unwind and treat myself.
Going to popeyes has made me happy.
old students get together function in my college
I went to visit my daughter who lives in a nearby town for dinner.
WENT TO MEENAKSHI AMMAN TEMPLE WITH MY FAMILY MEMBERS.
I saw my husband today after 2 whole days of not seeing him at all.
YESTERDAY MY FRIEND IN U.S.A CALL ME AFTER A LONG TIME.WE DISCUSS MORE ABOUT OUR COLLEGE DAYS AND LOT ABOUT US.ITS A CHANCE TO RECALL OUR SWEET MEMORIES, THAT MADE ME HAPPY. 
listened to my favorite podcast
got my new bike delivered yesterday morning
When the blazers beat the nuggets for the sixth seed made me happy. 
I felt happy when I went out to lunch with my husband and daughter.
What made me happy was when I received a letter from the local car dealership inquiring about our car trade in value. We have been talking about trading in our current car for another one and this letter was very timely.
I had a good day at work
This morning my husband and I went to see Beauty and the Beast at our local movie theatre.
While I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me I was laughing  
I had a really good coffee.
I was at a thrift store and randomly found the Judas priest album screaming for vengeance. I was pretty surprised.
While I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me.... I was laughing.
MY HAPPINESS MOMENT,YESTERDAY CHILD  BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION IN  MY SISTER BABY. SO HAPPY MOMENTS IN MY FAMILY.
I was able to conquer a walk I've been trying to conquer.
While I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me .... I was laughing.
While I'M lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me ..... I was laughing.
I showed my disabled son how to play an adaptive game.
I listened to the first episode of a new podcast and I'm looking forward to binging the rest tomorrow. 
My boss complimented me on a project I had finished.
Eating a good taste Durian.
I found a good hit on mturk that paid a relatively large amount of money and was accepted.
While I am lying down on the sofa  my mother tickle me. i way laughing.
A very well paying HIT batch went online on mturk.
While I' m lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me....i was laughing
I got my new bike delivered yesterday evening and I was very happy about it. I have  been eagerly waiting for the last 3 months for it.
I had lunch with some friends at work and we had a engaging conversation about our plans for the weekend
I listened to Carlos Rivera sing two songs.
I saw that it finally started raining this morning after it hasn't been raining for almost a week.
Earlier today, on my way to class, I saw a duck boop a flower with his nose and that made me pretty happy.
I was able to help a student figure out how to block callers on his cell phone.
Going for a walk with my husband
My medication finally arrived via Fed-Ex, I've been out of medicine for two weeks. 
While.I'm lying down on the sofa,my mother tickle me..i was laughing.
My kid 12 years old telling stories to her friends by describing same manner as it is in the book and her friends also listening and telling that her story telling is very good and they all understand it very well. I feel very happy at that moment, because by telling story she has the power to make other to listen to her.
I completed a work project that had a deadline approaching and that I had been dreading finishing. 
YESTERDAY ONE COURIER CAME FROM BANGALORE. I OPENED THAT COVER I WAS SO SURPRISED. MY FRIEND SEND ONE APPLE IPHONE AS MY BIRTHDAY GIFT. THAT MOMENT I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
Today I met a friend for lunch.  It was so cool seeing her again.  We got a chance to catch up.  I was really happy.
While.I'm lying down on the sofa,my mother tickle me..i was laughing.
I and My brother went long drive in a calm road yesterday make me very happy
An event that's made my happy in the past 24 hours is my son passing the test to receive his driver's license.
coming home and being welcomed by my dog is always a time of the day that makes me happy.
My friend agreed to loan me money to pay my rent.
I ate lunch at a restaurant I havent been to in a long time and it brought back a lot of memories.
I realized I didn't have any work due tomorrow.
I am happy today because I received a 4% raise from the company that I work for.  
I went to the new crawfish restaurant on Hwy 90 today. 
last evening i booked a car for myself.i felt very happy.
I went to the thrift store and found three good shirts, two of which were new with the tags still on.
the first event was when a room mom came in ,cleaned my back counter, brought me lunch and left me a 50$ to my favorite  restaurant all to show support of my teaching job!
After a long gap, i  really enjoyed the day because of my wife..  she surprised me a gift on our first wedding anniversary. it was a special one .. it was a small pedant where my wedding photo   printed .. she made the design and chain. it shows how much she loves me..  we really enjoyed a lot on that  day .. still feel like young couple ..its was a beautiful anniversary.
My boss told me he trusted me to take on additional responsibility.
I got to spend time with my boyfriend and we went out for the day, and forget about all the troubles I have had lately.
That my schools cafeteria had good fruit for breakfast.
Being outside in the sunshine and feeling the warm sun on my face while riding my bike makes me feel happy.
An event that made me happy was getting a great deal on something I wanted to buy for a long time
When I woke up to the smell of coffee that my girlfriend made for me.
I missed my subway train and showed up five minutes late to a class this morning, but the professor actually ended up being 10 minutes late herself, so I was not penalized for tardiness.
Viewing one of the local films and admiring one of the best acting I have even seen by an actress.
My wife a surprise trip of Alaska for me, which are my dream place.
I got to miss my classes for the day because the rain was very bad.
Me and my girlfriend went out on an adventure today, we just drove in a random direction until we found somewhere that looked interesting and we ended up going to some cool shops.
My best friend invited me to lunch tomorrow
I worked out for an hour.
i received a promotion yesterday and thats what made me happy
I found a small dog that was starving and fed it.
I have a start-up Sugar Free blog that felt nearly impossible to keep up during the holidays and I just got a message from a follower saying aI am so encouraged by your account, I just found out I have to go completely sugar free, and I had no idea I could still eat so many amazing foods.My pet silky dog spent time.
being able to hear my babies heartbeat
I cleaned out my closet and was able to get rid of old clutter that was causing anxiety.
The event that made me happy was when my husband came in the room this morning and told me how much he loved me.
I got to take a shower while my newborn slept.
I found out that my supervisor signed the form to allow me to apply for another job at the same company.
A woman came into our Bible study.  She was from Iran but has become a Christian and abandoned being a Muslim.  It made me happy to hear her testimony.
I was really happy when my daughter facetimed me today just to chat between classes. I miss her and that meant a lot. 
My in-laws surprised me with a pie because I have had a tough week.
When I was driving home, there were thousands of sandhills cranes that had landed in a neighbor's field.
I found out a lot of my college credits will transfer to my new college :D
Today I went to the gym with someone I'd never been to the gym with before. We had fun working out together.
My Son got 1st rank in his class . 
MY grand daughter Alayah came and visit me today.
Today, I received my final grades for this quarter, and I was very happy with the results.
While waiting in the customer service line at one of the big box home improvement stores a man eating ice cream was moving back and forth from the front to the back and we struck up conversation and laughs of course.  He was returning something he bought for the house he is building for his daughter.  It made me happy because he was funny. 
I tried cooking chicken parm for the first time and it actually came out good and tasty! This makes me feel capable to cook other dishes now.
I fell asleep holding my wife.
Playing with my grand daughter at the park for an hour.
I went with my mother to get a handmade ice cream pop.
I got an order of drugs from the dark net.
I met up with two friends I haven't seen in several months for dinner. 
I got a big project done at work which made me very happy.
In the last hour, I got to go visit two very loving dogs; Bella and penny. I got bombarded with cuddles and endless dog kisses.
Find birthday wishes for the 1st year of a baby  boy. Make the ... Tweet a My son, you are turning one and it is such a special moment.
I saw my partner smile at our brain injury support group today.
I played a video game with my friend.
I had French toast for breakfast for the first time in awhile. French toast used to be my favorite breakfast as a kid and it was a nice throwback to my childhood besides being delicious.
We went beach and play some funny game.
My son went on the potty for the first time.
My boyfriend calling me in the morning and texting me through out the day reminding me he loves me.
I got one of the last donuts in the break room.
What made me happy in the last 24 hours was petting my feline cat Sherbert and seeing the joy it gives her.
I play a digital CCG called shadowverse that requires opening packs, I happened to open up a really rare card and I felt really happy.
Yesterday was my birthday. Entire family has given a big surprise by inviting all my friends and colleagues to my home and has arranged a big party. I was very happy, because i never expected such a big party in my life time.
I met with a friend for breakfast and he told me a funny joke.
I made an angel food cake with strawberries and whipped cream.
I was out to dinner with the guy I have been seeing and he called me beautiful. 
I saw on Facebook that Senator Bernie Sanders is going to enter a single-payer healthcare bill in Congress.
I received a surprise gift in the mail from my father.  
I was able to take the cone off of my cat because she had healed from surgery and she was much happier.
My mom called me up to check up on me.
I spoke to my sister whom I haven't spoken to in a few days.
I got off work a little early tonight and went to the grocery store and was able to build my own 6 pack with some great beers to film on my Youtube review channel.
Coming home from work made me very happy and relieved.
I went for a run and managed to finish a 5k without stopping once.
I got my bills paid. 
it is most happiest movement and to take good decision
I went bowling.
It made me happy to go out shopping with my wife. It may seem like a small thing but it was fun to get out and just spend time with her. 
i am very happy because today we won the cricket match. we were done very hard work for match. i am very happy for this match. 
Today while shopping at Aldi, they had a new coffee creamer option, salted caramel, it is absolutely fantastic.
We had a really interesting discussion in the book club I organized and people liked the book I chose.
This morning I found out my son scored the highest in his grade for the yearly state testing
My daughter talked about a recent dramatic event in a very cute way.
I was given a surprise 3% raise from my manager.
I finished my work day early today.
I purchased a latest model Television today.
I was doing my laundry and I found a lost $50.00 dollar bill in one of my pockets!
My dad picking me up to travel to where he lives in a city in Oklahoma to be with my mom, sister, and son. 
It was my birthday yesterday, all my friends was there to party and celebrate my birthday.
When I got into my lab this morning (I'm a chemist, by the way), I saw that the chemical reaction I started the day before actually worked. I was worried it wasn't going to work due to its complexity, but it did! Well, it did for now, this reaction was just one of the steps for a long reaction.
I was very happy last 24 hours when I received my incentive from my current working 
My kids laughing and playing made me happy in the last twenty four hours.
I made $35 on Amazon turk today.
These citywide events may take on many purposes, including art gallery openings, and social and political networking. American cities have promoted such events to bring people to historic areas perceived as dangerous, using the "safety in numbers" mentality to combat urban decay. In some cities this monthly event may occur on the first Saturday of each month instead of Friday or on "Third Thursdays".
I found $2 in my pocket this morning and feel like my coffee was free.
I finished one of the gifts I have to make for a loved ones birthday.
This afternoon I went to a job interview that went really well for a place that I want to work for.
I completed my taxes and found out I am receiving more than expected as a return this year; way more. That made me very happy!
My son made me happy when he woke me up by giving me a kiss on the cheek this morning.


My dog usually takes forever to poop when I take her outside, but yesterday she pooped instantly and it was pouring down rain, so that made me feel happy.
I had an happy incident yesterday that we got our loan sanctioned which we applied.
getting a raise
I had drinks and watched a good funny movie with my boyfriend.
I finished my work week and now have 5 days off.
In the past 24 hours I found a YouTube channel and Instagram profile that are comedy based and made me laugh a lot. It was needed because it helped lighten up the day.
My fiancA(c) had been really sick recently and I was very worried about her. This morning, I just discovered that she was making a recovery and felt a lot better. It removed stress from my life and made me happy knowing that she is improving. 
I did not have to go to work today. 
We have decided to go for a trip next month .
Last night my sister's daughter birthday party and its a happy event for me.
I had a short day at work.
I went for a nice walk in the woods.
I saw my granddaughter.
I thought my toenail fell off, but actually I already had a new toenail underneath!
today we waited too much time for our college bus, that time we enjoyed hug competition with both boys and girls. it is really superb happiest time
I hit my water goal.  I have a goal where I have to drink at least 120 ounces a day, and I was able to accomplish that.  
My wife and I completed signing loan documents for our new house.
got a call from my ex girlfriend on my birthday.
Going out for dinner with  family
I learned that I was being taken to Bouchon for my birthday this weekend.
When I was driving home from dropping my husband off at work, I viewed a very beautiful sunrise.
I did fifty pushups this morning.  
The prospect of weekend coming as it is Friday today and my upcoming vacation leave on Monday, so it's a long relaxing weekend for me!
My toddler smiled and my baby smiled in response.
This morning my boyfriend and I woke up early enough before work to have some time to cuddle with each other.
last night  i went to dance bar with my lover.
I got a new pair of shoes in the mail.
One event that made me happy was when I was able to reach a certain threshold in my video game.
I was walking my dog with my kids to the park.  I was very happy enjoying the weather and the outdoors with the kids.
I was paid a salary, and maybe I'm expecting a promotion at work. My son got good grades at school.
 I have celebrated my uncle birthday with my whole family. we have enjoyed a lot
Receiving cupcakes in the mail from an aunt.
I was skyping with a friend and she had her baby on cam. The baby was laughing at smiling at me while I was making faces.
Got a subway sandwich on my way back from school. Tasted great!
I was finally out of work and on vacation for a few days to reset and re charge myself.  Also to relax more.
Today I went to my friend Joanna's marriage and there I see many of my old friends.
I got promotion is unforgettable moment in my life.I felt grateful at that time.Its a very surprising news for me.I cannot hide the fact that i am happy and proud because i now feel my endeavour and works several days for the organization most of the time i gave positive results to the organization.I thought this is one of my stepping stone for success.I also thank God for the company director not forgetting my boss who has always treated me as a pupil, son and friend since I set foot in the organization.I also believe that position comes to greater responsibility and even so,it is incredible opportunity for me to demonstrate my abilities whatever i have learnt.  
I took a swing dancing class that energized me and made me feel great.
I met up with some friends I haven't seen for a week.
I had an ice cream float.
Three of my friends came to visit my house yesterday and we enjoyed a lot during the whole night and they stayed in my house and they returned the next day morning.
Finishing Parent Teacher conferences tonight.
I had a very nice spaghetti meal
RECEIVED A BIG ORDER FOR SUPPLY OF LOGISTICS SUPPORT TO AN MNC
I went grocery shopping and the kale was cheap and beautiful.
I met my college friends today. We went to my favourite restaurant and had all the recipes made by the chief cook. I was elated in ecstasy
My ex-boyfriend got in contact with me today. I am dating other people but I still miss him. We had a long conversation and agreed to meet soon. I'm excited!
Something that made me happy was eating a cheeseburger and fries for dinner.  I've been eating healthier of late, so when I saw my wife had made cheeseburger's for dinner, I was very happy.
I finally purchased a membership for which i was striving.
There is a small street dog in our neighborhood whom I feed milk and bread from last few days and today morning I saw that puppy was sick. I took him to nearest pet doctor and the doctor treated him. Actually the puppy ate something bad and after helping I am feeling very happy.
I completed more work for a class of mine.
I watched on old TV episode that reminded me of high school.
I found out my doctor was in network, covered at 100% and no copays or bills for his services would have to be paid!
My husband bought a new car first time after our marriage
Somebody I like messaged me after some time and remembered a previous conversation.
Today I got the promotion order from my boss.
My partner showed me a lot of affection this morning when we woke up.
i have a beautiful family.my parents are very caring for my self.they makes very happy to my life.my father gives good gift for my self. because recently i got promotion so he gives gift to my self.it makes surprise to me.it is very good moment in my life.i feel very happiest women in my world. 
My girlfriend heard back from a job interview that wants to move forward.
Taking a hot shower early this morning.
I had a successful day at work in regards to helping people
I bought a new couch today, it looks great in my house!
I was happy when I completed a Mturk goal for the day.
I ate a cheese stick that tasted good. 
i thought the dog was sick but he was not he was scared because of the rain thank goodness
My son came home from practice and had a really good day.
yesterday evening I want to meet one of my business friend. His house is very interior from the town. I and my wife went there by bike. Both side has a agriculture land. The site seeing is very much impressive. Both are enjoyed lot. 
Today I got to work with a store manager from another store who I rarely get to see, which was a nice surprise at the end of a long work week. 
I have brownie and ice cream as breakfast.
I was starving for almost half the day and when I went to eat, I got my favorite pizza. This made my day.
This morning I finally re-potted a plant that has been stinking up my house for weeks.
Yesterday, I had a 2-hour conversation with my friend. We discussed various topics and plans for the upcoming month.
My wife made me a special dinner.
I saw the girl I have crush on in the street in early morning
I woke up late for work today, But I still managed to get there on time.
I saw one of my favorite bands live in concert. I have been a fan of their music for ten years and saw them with a close friend. The concert lasted for two hours.
My husband brought me home a Starbucks coffee.
My neighbor gave some special chicken dish today. I love chicken very much.
I was really very happy that I havent took the advantage of his mistake. Now, why Iaam happy because, I knew that Iam honest but sometime when you realise your honest self, itas a pleasure for you, itas a happiness for your soul and this happiness everyone should have in their life at least once, in whatever way it comes.
I bought & ate cookies after not having them for a very long time.
I got to work and discovered that I had been posted in a closed custody unit today and my day would quiet and stress free.
I have purchased new shirts.
I was happy today when I helped my mother-in-law which her financial adviser.  His company was not taking care of her investments and she was losing money. She asked me to go to her adviser today to assist with changes. This made me happy knowing that she had peace of mind about her investments and was grateful that I was there to help her.
I got to sign my daughter up for school and she was happy.
I hit a straight flush while playing poker.
Yesterday I went for lunch with my friends n got one good news that one of my friend is above to get engage I was so happy .
moving desks around at work.
I had a wonderful evening with my lover.
my friend come from his native
I made a budget for the next two months.
In the last 24 hours I complete a project at work that was challenging. 
The grocery store was selling my favorite little debbie snack that I thought was discontinued.
I got to spend some time with my significant other.
go out with friends like a tour and enjoyed a lot
My Son beat be in an indoor game.
We all school friend met in the alumni get together and had nice time sharing our memories.
I met some old school friends through social networks which was a very great moment
I HAVE BEAUTIFUL FAMILY WITH FULL OF HAPPINESS, YESTERDAY MY BROTHER GOT GOVERNMENT JOB THAT WAS A WONDERFUL MOMENT IN MY LIFE .
I was happy today when my girlfriend and I signed the lease to our first apartment in which we will live together. 
I can remember many happy events of my life and out of those, I would like to talk about the event that I can still remember vividly regarding my success in the board exam. The moment I heard that I had been awarded a scholarship based on my performance in the board exam, I became the happiest man in the world. This was indeed a very happy moment for me as it is something I was looking forward to achieving and the news made my parents quite happy and proud.
I had a happiest moment this time as I was passed in the medical entrance examination to qualify for the government medical college.
i made porota last night
Finishing my last class of the week.
I hook up my bike lights to my electric bike.
I talked to my girlfriend today.
i finally manged to clear the computer virus that was multiplying files on my laptop hardrive
Today evening turned out to be sunny, as opposed to the usual rain we have here in the north west, and I was happy to see my son again wanting to go out and play.
I was teaching my young daughter math and she started picking it up really well. She started to answer the problems all on her own and I got really excited because it finally clicked for her.
I remember that I was finally able to exercise at a gym. 
I bought my toddlers some sidewalk chalk and their faces lit up when they saw it and they had a lot of fun drawing and it made me so happy to see them so happy.
Clean the yard of my house.
I managed to wake up before it was noon.
I started working in a certain company wherein I had became a developer for certain templates. It was a happy event because it's the first time that I'm going to focus on my career, and will have opportunities to grow as a person, and as an employee.

i had helped my mother in cooking.
One of my student's shared that he has straight A's and is on track for four year university.
My husband and kids go to office and school, now I am free of work and can enjoy my free time alone at home.
My colleague bought me a drink for a bet i have won
I WENT DO MOVIE
I went to National Park and enjoyed with my family members.
I competed all my work on time and went for movie. .the movie was awesome and I god refreshed and inspired. This thing made me happy.
yesterday i bought one puppy dog it is so cute so i enjoyed to bought this cut one
I saw my grandma after 5 years yesterday that moment makes me feel happy.
I got a new client yesterday.
The most happy moment is being with your family after a long gap.
I had dinner with my brother who I haven't seen in awhile.
I went on a picnic with my friends and enjoyed a lot.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I went to temple.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WEND TO TEMPLE
Yesterday evening when i cross the road one my friend faced accident. i called ambulance and carried him to the hospital. doctor said if he would have come thirty minutes late he would have died. thanks lot i saved his life. 
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I got to get home tonight in time for a restful sleep.
Going to the ice cream chop made me happy because I was able to visit ex coworkers and grab some ice cream as well.
I went to hindi class.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I was able to get out of work early to see my daughter perform in a play.
Summer vacation. It was a long journey to Ooty from Delhi, but we thoroughly enjoyed it. We reached Mettupalayam by train. From there we took another train for Wellington. This journey, in the little mountain railway, was quite exhilarating and unforgettable.


During the journey we saw breath-taking scenes of Nigeria hills and forests. There were my maternal uncle, aunt, their little daughter Jasmine and 2 attendants to receive us at the station. We were overAjoyed to see and meet one another.

The following day, and then on the week-end, we visited Ooty. On both these visits we enjoyed the beauty, freshness, food walking, horse-riding and excursions. Situated at the height of 2,286 meters on Nigeria hills, Ooty is a very popular and famous hill resort of South India. It is in the state of Tamil Nadu. Full of rich tourist- activities and possibilities round the year, Ooty was discovered in 1819 by the then collector of Combater, an Englishman, Mr. John Sullivan. He constructed his summer residence there. He was the first man to do so. He was soon followed by numerous other Englishmen. It then became the summer seat of Provincial Government of Madras.
The temperate coolness attracts a large crowd of people from nearby areas, provinces and distant parts of the country. Originally it belonged to the Toads, a hill tribe which still lives in the Nigeria Hills. This aQueen of the Hill Stationsa is full of nice outdoor activities like hiking, boating, fishing, horse-riding, long walks, excursions and shopping. There is a big and wonderful botanical garden in the very heart of the town. It has more than 600 varieties of exotic plants and trees. We visited the botanical garden and then enjoyed boating in the lake.

We went to Deadbeats Peak in our uncle's car. From there we had an excellent panoramic view of the plains below. Is the highest point and boasts the height of 2,638 meters. There is also a telescope for the viewing pleasure of the tourists. We also visited and immensely enjoyed the nearby Samas Park, a nice picnic spot full of many varieties of plants, trees, herbs and a fine pool full of lilies.

The shopping in the small but colorful market of the town is an unforgettable experience. Mother bought a few silk sarisa, spices and some other items as gifts for our friends and relations. I bought some special tea and items of woodcraft. Ooty, overlooking blue hills and lush green valleys, is a very pleasant place and tourist resort. There was a big crowd of Indian and foreign tourists.

We also visited nearby Connor, a small but colorful town amidst sprawling tea gardens. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit to this still station. We also exposed a number of films to capture beautiful and natural scenes, events and memorable moments. These photographs will help us to keep our joy and memories of the place ever new and fresh.
I WENT TO YOGA
i make small boat to day, 
I had a great online fight video game with my friend and won in that match.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
my mom speak with after a long period.
I met with friends for a religious event. It was very good. 
I witnessed a rocket being launched into space by SpaceX . It was truly awe inspiring to see a private company doing such bold things, it gives me a sense of pride to see human's pushing the envelope to the max.
Today I went to see my therapist and we talked about the problems of my week, and was given positive ways to resolve them. I was very happy leaving the office knowing I had someone helping me live more positively.
I visit my sister in law son marriage and had a lot of fun with them.
In previous year I was sick. I got severe head ache and went to hospital for check up.Unfortunately Doctors couldn't find the real reason of this head ache.Continously i was getting a lot of symptoms like neck pain , double vision ,leg pain etc.Finally doctor diagnosed properly it is all because of brain .After Eye test doctor said you should take MRI .It may be because of Brain tumor or something.I was afraid.I started crying because my children are very small.Any way I was ready to face all the problems.I put trust in my Lord Jesus christ.Praise the Lord.After MRI doctor found there is blood clot in Brain .Doctor said don't worry  I will treat you.Medicine started Within 1 and half years all symptoms reduced slowly I became all right Praise the Lord .I am extremely happy.
Yesterday night I finished my pending project of 6 months. I was so happy to see myself doing that. I celebrated it by eating ice-creams with my family. 
i brought a new helmet to day
I bought one new bike yesterday and went a long drive in that bike and that moment make me feel happy.
The day i started playing badminton. I still feel energetic and happy i have started playing. 
I went for a birthday party of my relative who turned 50.It was a nice occasion where i met other relatives who came for the party and we had a nice time.
yesterday i went to my sister home to celebrate their birthday party.all my relatives are get in together to enjoy the party.we presented a gift also.it was interesting and enjoyable moment
My son cuddled with me on the couch.
When my little daughter insisted to feed me a meal 
I popped into the local shop after a very long hard day at work to buy some tobacco and decided to buy a scratchcard with my change and won APS3000. I am still smiling now
Watching a funny youtube video.
I found out my insurance covered an appointment today so I saved a lot of money.
I had a good night sleep after a long time.
I BOUGHT A NICE FANTASTIC MOBILE yesterday.that is what made my day very happy. 
yesterday i went to my sister home to celebrate their birthday party.all my relatives are get in together to enjoy the party.we presented a gift also.it was interesting and enjoyable moment
I talked to my truck-driver husband on the phone for 2 hours. 
I made juice from very pungent taste mangoes.
I took a bath yesterday night. I was very happy about it as the weather is very hot.
Completed the itinerary for my road trip by hashing it out with my girlfriend.
Yesterday was a big festival for us. We wake up early in the morning and decorated the house well with flowers. Later i prepared different food items as festival special foods then we have done pooja in home and went to temple.Later the whole day we enjoyed a lot in home enjoying special traditional programs and the traditional food that i have prepared. The whole day was very enjoyable and i loved it much.
Today I feel very happy because I won a soccer game very important for me personally

I passed my mid term on Tuesday.
I saw the new Dave Chappelle special on Netflix.
Today was my dog's birthday.  We got a cake for her and celebrated her 10th birthday.
My cat rubbed my cheek with her pay and then kissed me on the nose.
My wife and I had a lovely romantic experience that made me so happy.
I slept for about eight hours despite the constant construction noise outside. 
My friend came over to watch Critical Role.
we have attended a big fat indian wedding yesterday.i had never seen such a big wedding ceremony.everything seems to be wonderful.i really enjoyed and had a great time there will all the relatives and family members.
I got an appreciation for my project from my boss
my dog came home after disappearing on me for a full hour.
I had a very good latte at a coffee shop.
My husband made us delicious steak tacos for dinner.
Today I was really sad because of some personal things going on, but then my dog came and sit pretty much on top of me all day. She was giving me loves and just making sure I was okay. She never let me out of her sight because she knew I had a hard day. That made me so happy and just grateful. Even on my hardest days it is moments like this that make me realize how happy I am and how lucky I am. She changed my whole mood. 
Yesterday i was going to the office on the way i met a beggar he was asking me for food and i took him to the nearest hotel and helped him to have his food. this made me very happy.
Pushing my son in his toy car and seeing him smile & laugh while doing so made me very happy.
My one year old daughter played with my baby daughter.
My girlfriend brought me lunch today.
new entrant to our house. we bought a parrot
i was happy that i am making good progress on a new project at work.
My dream bike I was able to purchase without any loans. I earned to get it and was very happy taking my partner and roaming around.
Partying with a lot of really cute girls made me happy.
PLEASANT WALK IN THE PARK BESIDE MY HOUSE MADE MY DAY
I received a text message from a loved one I haven't talked to for a couple weeks telling me how much they miss me.
last day i read the HOLY QURAN which give me happy and inner peace
At midnight, my daughter turned 15 years old. I knocked on her door at 12:01 am and sang "Happy Birthday" to her as I do every year. She was waiting for me, I could tell. She was smiling and thanking me afterwards. Her smile lights up my day and makes me happy more than anything in this world.
This evening, as in 2 or 3 hours ago, I finally ordered a new sever for my house.  This is something I had been thinking of doing for a couple years.  I managed to find some reason to put it off, either I was waiting doe some event such as the next Christmas sales or my next tax return.  I also put it off because when configuring the computer by individual components, one can easily get lost in the vast number of choices.  My old server is getting very long in the tooth so it is a great relief that I was able to finally order the new one.  I am rather excited by this as I have some ideas that require the new machine.
I had applied for a scholarship for one of my online course and didnt receive any message from the university reg that.But today morning when the postman handed over the cover, it was from the university that I had been granted a scholarship making me very happy !
I went for a nice evening walk with my dog.
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.
I gave a pair of beautiful new leggings to a woman who has a newborn.
wake up this morning and find my grass in backyard that I planted week earlier is greener
I got my phone repaired yesterday evening. It was not working since many days. I am very happy to see it working now.
I went to the movie theater by myself and had a great time.
Letas say you choose a job just for paying your rent and you're waiting for a dream job opportunity. But, whatever you're doing you want to be appreciated for your work. And how can we judge a fish by its climbing skills? We canat.
Some incidences that I want to relate where I have been the happiest in the past few weeks. I'm sharing the best week of probably the decade. I suddenly booked tickets to Tirupti, where my sister lives with her husband and their cute daughter. I love being with my niece, she is all I got. This journey was all about randomness and I think randomness gave me joy.
My husband was paid early today so we are able to pay rent.
Talk less; listen more. Listening keeps your mind open to othersa wisdoms and outlooks on the world. The more intensely you listen, the quieter your mind gets, and the more content you feel.Talk less; listen more. Listening keeps your mind open to othersa wisdoms and outlooks on the world. The more intensely you listen, the quieter your mind gets, and the more content you feel.
My husband stopped by my workplace to pick me up. That was a surprise! I didn't have to take the bus.
My boyfriend made me soup, his own improvised recipe.Going out and meeting old friends at pizza hut.Talking to my sister in law, eating some chocolate custard, and spending some time with my youngest child.went to shopping and bought a dresses,slippers,cloths.i am so happy on that moment.
Few hours back got a call from head office on my promotion to next level. This news delighted me and my team members a lot without doubt
today morning i have participated one cricket tournament where i have scored very good run. we won that game an i have received man of the match in that match
i want to Temple and enjoyed the lot and my friends also came to Temple with me
I went to help a friend clean her house.  She has been feeling overwhelmed and stressed out lately.   It made me very happy to be able to help her.
I got a compliment in my church for answering quiz correctly and it made me happy
When I saw the sunrise.
Yesterday night i talked with my girlfriend Keerthana up to more than 5 hours i was spoke with her. Both of us understood everything very well. We made for each other. I was so happy. Moving forward surely i will speak with her daily. I'm very happy about this. 
I got to eat a really yummy danish with my coffee this morning. 
I played the new Zelda game on my brand new Nintendo Switch - the graphics are awesome!
Getting a chance to spend time with my little one and enjoy doing my hobby of home decor at the same time.
My students, in the college I work for spoke so nicely to me! I was flattered. Generally I will  be a butt of joke to them!
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
My wife gave birth to a baby boy and this made me happy.
I went on a romantic date with my girlfriend.
My nieces were very happy to see me today when we picked them up from school!
My cute pet Meenu (cat) gave birth to 6 kittens yesterday. Its an unforgettable experience and I am very very happy and filled with joy.
I started reading a book titled "Instant Handwriting Analysis" and by the help of this book I came to know some of my positive traits by going through my own previously handwritten notes and it made me very happy.
I'm happy I could manage to meet my daily work targets even on my holiday.
I meet my old Friend Patty.
I ate a very good dinner with colleagues of mine
I watched a "so bad it's good" sci-fi movie.
My nephew visited me
Today I got my first freelance job as a computer builder in which I was paid in advance. I am sitting next to an envelope of a little over $400 and I think it's probably the most I have on me in a long time.
My favorite celebrity, Louis Tomlinson, posted a picture on Instagram after not doing so for a few days. 
I arrived in Dublin after 17 hours of traveling. 
Yesterday, we went out for shopping and were searching for a good gift for our cute son. After a search of nearly 3 hours, we bought a new car with 2 member seat area in order for him to drive and play along with his friends.
I meditated and was able to focus on my breathing.
We had a cricket match yesterday at our apartment club house area which was full of fun and sporty. The whole evening we played the match by dividing as two teams. It was such an enjoyable moment for all of us in our community. My team won 2 out of 3 matches we played altogether. 
I got a call back for an audition for a job.
What made me happy today was the sun coming out. It had been raining for days on end and finally there were the beautiful sunshine.
I am working as a team leader in a reputed firm. I work for my company for the past 5 years. I lead a team and i know each and every one very well. I prepared a project report for a salary appraisal for my team and proceed to my immediate supervisor. He read the project and he was not happy with my report. He cancelled the report and prepared a new report . Our manager gone through our supervisors project report and he also read my report. He sanctioned my report and fired my supervisor for his foolish report. I know that i did a very good project report and i don't know why he rejected my report. I got the sanctioned mail from my manager and i am very happy this moment. It was really a victory for me. 
I was happy when I went for a nice long walk outside.  
Yesterday night after a long and big struggle I had been elected as a President to our GOD MARIAMMAN  Temple Society by its Board Members.  I felt happy because this is my one of  life dream
I was listening to pop music and rnb yesterday in the day  and that always makes me happy
My brother brought home a 60 inch UFHD LED TV today which is with latest technology called 4K and many more features which brings really a happy moment to me and the whole family of mine. 
My son is just 7 years old. He wrote an essay about his favourite character on his own and got a prize. 
Little night beer with a friend 
I got to hear from my father who was just released from the hospital today. He was very ill and the entire family was very worried about it. We finally got great news about his health status today and a wonderful phone call!
With laughter and a positive attitude in her voice, my mom shared with me that her cancer has returned.  While I was trying to keep my composure over the phone, she sounded strong and ready to fight once more.
MY DAUGHTER'S SCHOOL GAVE HER A FAIR WELL PARTY GIFT YESTERDAY. IT MADE ME HAPPY.
The landlord people came in fix the hot water heater within 24 hours of when it broke.
My taxes deposited in my bank account.
I was able to complete all my accounts and tax before the march financial year ends
i made my dog sit 
Got a Yoohoo.
I went hiking with my boyfriend yesterday. It was just a mini hike, but the scenery was absolutely stunning.
Caught up with some old friends, met them by surprise and had a couple of drinks in the sunshine.
I had Hawaiian food for dinner. 
Yesterday, after rehearsal for our show, I had a conversation with a student (a senior) who was nervous about performing, and when the conversation ended, he looked at me with real sincerity and said "I love you"; and since these kids feel like my own children, it made my heart overflow.
I woke up to the smell of fresh brewed coffee and as I was still groggy and half asleep I felt happy my partner had awoken and prepared the coffee for me, this way I could just wake up and pour myself a glass. It was a kind gesture that left me feeling loved and started my day right.
I watched The Goonies for the first time in years. Sloth love Chunk! Truffle Shuffle! Being an 80s kid is basically one of the best things in the world.
its bout finishing my new drawing which i had done very well as i work on it a lot and hard its a beautiful image for some person who i love very much and i will give it to him as a present i suppose he will be very happy also.
A Male Child was born in our home, after a gap of 3 generations, we are so happy on that day, celebrated a big fun fair in our home with my relatives and friends.
I was happy when I went on a walk with my son.
Shortly after I got back home from shopping I saw the cat, snapped a picture and sent it to my sister with a funny caption about the kitty litter I had just bought for her. 
After eating a few plates of food finally the time to spend and talk to the family has come, everyone starts sharing their feelings on how happy they are for the birthday girl. The birthday girl with all the happiness showing on her face makes her look so beautiful, and the family makes her feel special as well like if there would not be a next day. At this part of the party when everyone has finish eating everyone starts to dance with the birthday girl. Is a night full with happiness and surprises, one of the surprises were that my cousin was given as a gift her first car. In my opinion it was a beautiful car, a Mustang Cobra 2006. But not as beautiful as the food I had tasted before, I never find out who had made food. But I know it was the best food Iave ever tasted in my entire life, including when I use to live in Mexico. Maybe some one else could think that is just regular food, but they do not see it the way I do. Only people who had move from the place they were raised on to go live to a foreign country could understand what I am talking about. Seeing someone cook Mexican food, or eating makes me feel like I am back on my country. That is why Mexican food is my favorite food.
Having slept 8 hours in a row, haven't been able to do that for a long time.
I  GOT A SURPRISE GIFT FROM MY DADDY.I  PLAN TO BUY THIS GIFT  FOR THE PAST ONE YEAR AND THIS MOMENT MAKE MY DAY HAPPY.
The moment I received a message from railway  regarding the confirmation of my berth as I had to attend a very important meeting with a client 
Playing an android game.
I ate a brownie for dessert and it was really delicious.
I saw a dog and smiled at him.
Yesterday I was able to do 25 minutes of cardio.
I finished an important work project I had been working on for weeks.
my best friend gave birth to twins 
The AC which was out of order since last 2 days at my work place got repaired today.
I went for a long drive with my family in a car.There we planed for Get together party with my whole family.I enjoyed a lot.
 i went to a tour with my family and the journey was very happy for me.Dream a happy journey build from many happy moments, because in the real world only a happy journey brings a happy ending. In reality, a happy moment attracts another happy moment, which attracts another happy moment, and then another happy moment. Suddenly, you are surrounded by an abundance of happy moments, in only one day. And, at the end, when you think about it, you discover you had a happy life.
the event was my crush said hi to me which is out of the world experience . I am so glad that she gave me a hi which is not quitely happen 
One of my friends told me a funny joke.
Eating tasty food with deeply fried chicken leg piece  
um...stopping Person from committing suicide then having a 3 hour conversation about life... 

he asked me out the next day which was cool!turned out we both really liked each other. 

I really love to make people happy!
Me and My went went for the purchase after long time.
My vacation started so that made me really happy! 
after maturity i got the principal  amount  and interest today. which makes me happy.
My wife gave me an excellent tea in the morning.
My work prepared food for a local nursing home and we went and visited with them for a couple of hours. 
When I finished a whole spicy pizza.
We made a trip to our new apartment, and began the cleaning process so that we can paint and decorate!
I had a really nice conversation with my girlfriend, and we watched a television show together. It was really pleasant.
I got a lot of positive comments on my profile picture on Facebook.
My friend invited me to a party.
I won debate competition yesterday, so happy.
My wife made a burger for me.
My son today at the Dr. was able to listen to my heart beat and his. It made him very happy!
Receiving my once-a-month pay check by direct deposit from the US Postal Service, and it was about $50 more than I expected, just about 1:15am this morning (03.31.17), always a source of anxiety.
I was happy when I got home from work and I walked in the door and was greeted with two big hugs from my two little daughters.
Was $10 short on rent. I recycled bottles in my home and it ended up being $11.
Looking at the old photo album and seeing all the good memories with my friends and family.
I bought a new camera. I love cameras and photography and anytime I have the money for new equipment I am happy.
My husband woke up for his night shift job and smiled at me.
bought a new dress for myself
Realizing that I have been tobacco free for a whole week.
Being able to go to therapy and be listened to made me happy. 
My son helped me cook dinner tonight, he's four years old. We had a really good time. He listened really well. Then, we sat down and had a peaceful dinner together. It was really nice. 
Waking up this morning without back pain.
Talking to the cashier at the store checkout counter made me feel happy.
I enjoyed a great meal at my favorite Mexican cuisine restaurant
Yesterday my 11 month old stood up and took two steps for the first time. His dad was home from work to be able to see it with me. 
i was happy when i got my new glasses at the store yesterday, this is my first glasses and it feel a bit weird but i like it.
yesterday i spoken to my friend and i felt very happy because she was selected in dance competition.
Well, we split up because I was too focused on work; on making money and getting married, having kids... I didnt look after her.
My cat had surgery and it was successful and went very well.
In yesterday, a small dangerous insect came into my home in night. I was shocked and I called my neighbour to beat it. It was a happy moment because my family was got afraid of that insect.
I played basketball with my wife and daughter today in our backyard. Overall it was a lot of fun and a great workout.
My son received a reward at school that he was very excited about when he showed me.
My grand daughter stared crawling and taking toys she wants.
One event that made me happy was purchasing a new baseball game for my Playstation that I could play with my friend. 
There were breakfast treats at work yesterday and it was very nice.
We have brought new TV, which is having lot of good features 
My father got promoted and we all celebrated it.
My husband and I found time to play a video game together which is something we rarely find time for.
I am on leave from my office work i spent time with my wife
I was happy at the thought that tomorrow was friday
I won a large award at work due to my job performance over the last year.
I can remember many happy events of my life and out of those yesterday last event, I would like to talk about the event that I can still remember vividly regarding my success in the board exam.
The orchids that I ordered 3 weeks ago finally arrived yesterday afternoon.
I played Mario Run on my android tablet made me happy today.
I weighed myself and seen that I lost 2 pounds!
I completed a group cycling road ride that was 34 miles at an average of 18 miles per hour.
I hit the daily number on the lottery last night.
The first thing that made me happy was that i saw i friend that had long time to see.
My favorite basketball team scored a massive win last night playing against a fierce rival.
We fed rice to beautiful peacocks.
It really is the simple things, I came home from work and my husband who stayed home all day with our twin daughters had vaccumed the entire house for me while I worked.
Purchased a laptop computer for my business purpose.
I was able to get my car washed and put into my garage before it started raining, which was satisfying.
After much time struggling and looking up solutions, I was finally able to get some software installed and configured on my computer for a project.
Playing Rise of tomb raider game.
I made an awesome cake today. everyone in my family loved it.
I got up real early in the morning and didn't feel tired for a change and went and worked out. 
i had a compliment on my weight
I started watching a new television series that I enjoy.
The sun came out yesterday
My mother came and spent the night at our house.
Yesterday I found a coupon for a free ice cream from Dairy Queen in my car.
Today in class my teacher asked a question and I answered. He seemed very impressed by my answer and praised my answering.
Having new sheets on the bed when it was time for sleep.
I woke up and it was Friday!
When I am lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me, I was laughing.
Last night it was warm enough to grill out which, to me, signals the beginning of the spring and summer seasons.  This is a time of happiness, growth, and fun.
Today being the start of the weekend made me happy.
My son got a job offer when attending the job fair at school, many of the employers were impressed with his JROTC uniform. 
My air conditioner finally got fixed in time for the hot summer.
I watched my daughter do very well in her dance class.
I saw on the news that the former national security advisor was asking for immunity and could flip on Trump
I called off work at my Part Time job because I am working to many hours during the week between my 40 hours and the part time job.  I wanted to spend the night playing with my 17 month old baby.  I had the time of my life playing with him all night. It made a perfect night and allowed me to spend quality time with him and actually feel like his dad.
went to a friends house for dinner and a movie
I was able to find and purchase a Nintendo Switch system. 
one of my friends got a health insurance cheque with  my help today. He had been taken a health insurance from me, because I have a health insurance agency. He got an accident and it was a serious injury. But I helped him to get a claim and he got the full claim of 50000 INR today. It makes me happy today.
CELEBRATED BROTHER IN LAW BIRTHDAY IN THE MORNING. AS FOR BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION PREPARED A HOME MADE CAKE BY MIXING FLOUR, SUGAR, BUTTER, EGG, ESSENCE & BAKING POWDER. PREPARING CAKE IS ALSO FUN FILLED WITH THE FAMILY MEMBERS. ALSO PREPARED FEW MORE SWEETS AND WENT TO CHURCH FOR GETTING THE BLESSINGS OF GOD. REALLY FELT THE DAY WITH JOY, BY CUTTING THE CAKE AND SHARING WITH THE FAMILY MEMBERS. 
my husband in singapore for working .One day he came back here to surprise me that is a very very happy moment in my life.
i was happy eating my favorite dinner tacos with family
What made me really happy is that my daughter got a job offer for a great position she really wanted.
When I saw my kids pull up in my son's car, carrying a cardboard box (using their hands through his sunroof) that was almost as long as the car for my daughter's school project.
I stained and put together a pallet board shelf and put a star on it. First time making one and it came out nice. 
My wife called me to tell me that she had a serve headache and bleeding from the nose, she was alone and I was very far away but she was able to get herself to the doctor's office!




yesterday i watched my favorite film with my girlfriend. he was sitting very closely to me.
We surprised my stepson with a power ranger toy he really wanted for Easter.
I had a great nights sleep
At work, I got a call from a prospective client for a big project.
I watched my 5 year old clean his room completely by himself without being asked.
i felt happy when i buy a laptop yesterday.
I checked my bank account after I was paid via direct deposit, and made more than I thought I did.
I went to my girlfriend's house with a salad from Wendys, but instead they offered me some of their dinner, which was much better.
I had some yummy homemade chicken soup for dinner.
i have bought a new hero bike with discount
I got home last night and played my favorite video game for hours.
My menstrual cycle has just finished yesterday and I am feeling happy about it. Its day one again and I am feeling relaxed.
I started the day yesterday morning by warming up with an exercise routine called Classical Stretch. I'd been sick for over a week and this was the first morning I felt energized enough to exercise. Felt very good and I felt happy.
Yesterday morning I was able to sleep in longer in the morning. It was raining and cold and gloomy and I stayed in bed and pulled the flannel sheets over my head and went back to sleep for an extra 1 hour. Pure heaven.
Yesterday I worked on planning a family trip to Disneyland in Anaheim, California.
WHEN I PICK MY SON UP FROM SCHOOL AND HE SHOWED ME HIS REPORT CARD AND IT SHOWED THAT HE PASSED HIS SEMESTER EXAMS
Someone I had been texting for the last few weeks stopped texting me, so I had though she had lost interest in me.  Then, last night she texted me back, saying that she was sick.  She wants to see me soon. It made me incredibly giddy.
I calculated my finances for the month and figured out that my friends owed me more than I'd anticipated. I'm now looking forward to see them pay my bills. 
Played 9 Hole Golf game in the morning.
Going out to dinner with my entire family for my birthday.
My friend sent me a list of 30 things that she loves about me, as a 30th birthday gift.
I was given a nice raise and bonus at work.
Last night, my husband grilled burgers for our family, my daughter's friend, and two of our neighbors. It was the first time this spring we were able to sit outside on the deck. The weather was perfect and the bugs aren't out yet. 
I was teaching my sister in law how to drive yesterday and she did a good job driving home at night.
I spoke with my sibling.
I woke up in the middle of the night to let my dog out and when I came back to bed my fiance rolled over and started to play with my hair in his sleep. He never does things like that and it made me really happy.
My daughter asked me to tell her a story before bed and then wanted me to snuggle with her after the story was over
This morning I woke up, looked at the clock and realized that I still had another hour to sleep.
I made nearly double my goal on mturk, which is great!
I wasn't feeling well last night so I took a nap after work. When I woke up my husband had made dinner and cleaned the kitchen.
last 1 month i am doing one task in office and not completed and yesterday i completed and got good response form my teammate
Yesterday morning, my two-year-old grandson came over to spend the day with me.  
I was happy today when a friend I have not seen in a long time called me and wanted to go to lunch. 
We finally managed to get the kitchen sink unclogged after hours of labor.
My son got an A on his test.
My little brother showed me his new place and I was so incredibly happy for him.
My friend's threw a surprise birthday dinner for me last night. 
My sister, my partner and I went to church last night.
I was able to fall asleep easily, which isn't always the case.
I was down in the dumps because of some losses in the online business that I am doing. But I received a Word of prophesy through a ministry in the United States today. God clearly told me not to lose my confidence. He added that better days are coming. I felt relieved and so happy.
Yesterday I had a visit with my doctor and she confirmed I no longer need to go to therapy, as I am currently in good health.
My friend and I started planning an art installation that is going to touch many people at an event in a couple months.
while playing poker i made a good profit though i was playing it for the first time hence i felt very happy and proud
I called my mother to chat.
I had my picture taken for my school's newsletter.
I went to a follow up visit with my doctor and discovered that the issue I was worried about was in fact a non-issue and I didn't have to return for six months.
Received a call from my daughter and text pictures of her new dining room furniture.
My boss was away on business which made my workday very enjoyable and left me with a smile on my face all day long.
I was able to play video games for the first time in a few weeks.
i drank a great coffee this morning
Today evening as I went to the terrace of my house I noticed my neighbours dog coming wagging his tail and greeting me. Since both the houses are very close and the stairs lay parallel to each other, their dog will accompany me as I go up and down the stairs. It was so good to see their dog showing his affection and care towards me.
Today i help a poor man by giving some food and he thank  me lot. it  make me happy
This event that made me happy was when I was complimented about the way I looked with how I dressed by a stranger. This stranger told me that I dressed very mature for my age. They also told me that I looked handsome. This compliment made me very happy and also made me feel good about myself.
When i passed my midterm exams
I got an email saying that I moved forward in the application process for a much-wanted job!
My husband made me a nice meal of a favorite dish.
I had a good dinner with my kids and in-laws last night that made me happy. 
i didnt have to run to the store again i found another can of coffee.
After a trip to the emergency room, my brother is fine!
Today in my college has announced the farewell for our final students, In the last week they ignored the offer we asked for the farewell. But today they accepted the offer we requested for our final enjoyment. Its makes me soooooooo happy in my full of the day.
My favorite NBA team (Chicago) won an exciting game yesterday evening against the Cavaliers and that made me happy.
Yesterday, my family (husband and 2 children) were able to spend the day with some friends at the Children's Museum. 
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing.

I got up early and went for a walk
I helped my 5 year old daughter paint a picture of the cat.  As we did this art project we laughed at the silly colors we used for the cat.
Catching my plane in time and getting to the airport smoothly.  I took public transport which I had not done before and was able to get to the airport with no issues!
My daughter was born this morning and she is absolutely beautiful. 



The laptop charger that I ordered was delivered. 
Our family had dinner at our favorite restaurant.
I had a great cup of coffee this morning.
My friend invited me over on Saturday for a few drinks.
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest 
moment in my life..
My jobs have flexibility to allow me to choose how work gets done.  I have been feeling slow this week, but yesterday I made up for it with getting a bunch of projects complete.
I had my favorite lunch this afternoon which my mother made for me. 
Yesterday I made the decision to work only a half day at work today (Friday), so it will be a short work day and I get to spend time with my wife and daughter.
I drank a very sweet drink.
My son's reaction seeing me when I picked him up from daycare was my happy moment yesterday.
I had dinner with my dad and spending time with him, plus yummy food, makes me happy!
Small investment is doing well.
i went for a nice long walk with my husband this morning.
It rained so I didn't have to do a bunch of yard work.
I got a good grade on my biochemistry test that I studied very hard for. 
My husband reading a book to my son made me happy.
I was able to watch The Goldbergs on demand (cable). 
My husband and I prepared a nice home cooked meal together. 
I gave my cockatiel a shower yesterday and it's funny to watch her wings flap around under the water.
I had a delicious dinner with some of my favorite flavors.
A happy moment in the past 24 hours was making a great pot of chicken soup with the right seasonings and balance. It felt very healthy to eat and was great tasting.
I had lunch with a group of my friends for the first time in a few weeks. 
Despite having a crazy day at work yesterday, I was able to get off of work early. 
I was able to refill my medication and not feel sick anymore
I completed my month end production report this morning.  It is important the final product numbers matches the raw material numbers for the plant.   Sometimes the numbers don't match and I have to spend a lot of time trying to figure out why.  Usual it something as simple as someone inputted a wrong number in a form.  Fortunately,  everything worked out as expected this month.  
I was invited to a birthday party
My cat sat next to me and started purring.
Well it's silly but I found out you can put game items into you house on GaiaOnline and I was really excited about it because that meant I could put fish in my underwater-themed mermaid house.
I took my daughter to school this morning.
I enjoyed watching a new show last night. 
This was a time I spent with my son teaching him coloring and I found him a quick learner, a happy moment for me.
I talked to a good friend of mine who I haven't talked to or seen in a while.  She is currently living in China.
I won a free frozen pizza in a grocery store's online instant win game.
My daughter cooked dinner
I ate some good ramen yesterday for lunch, it was spicy ramen with eggs and spam.
I'm happy that I get paid today!!!
Thursday nights every week my boyfriend and I get together with a group of friends for dinner and drinks.  
I was happy talking with my granddaughter last night.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was cooking a very expensive steak for my girlfriend and making it perfect.
I had the opportunity to spend the day with my 15 month old nephew and it made me very happy to learn about his character as he grows.  It was like seeing my little brother all over again. 
I went for a run on a trail near my house yesterday afternoon. It was right before a big storm, so the atmosphere was very interesting.
We had a company sponsored workout class after work yesterday and my boss took us out for dinner afterwards and we had a great time!
I was able to make a large deposite for an overdue payment just in time. I was on  the last 2 hours to be able to make the payment that was overdue. I was able to do it and I feel a took a large waight oof of my shoulders.
Last night I confirmed with my new partner that they had the same days off as me, so I bought a plane ticket to visit them!
Met with electrician and plumber at new house my wife and I are builing
i realized that life was okay, and i didnt need to worry so much
I was riding my bike to college while a gust of wind blew over the trees and rained dew.
The first cup of coffee in the morning .
My fiancee returning home after giving a presentation
I found out I'm going to be an aunt. My older brother and his wife are having a baby!
I went for a long walk up a mountain in a beautiful forested neighborhood near my home.
yesterday my boss thanked me for all my hard work and told me she really appreciated me. It made me happy to know she recognizes my work.
My best friend visited me in Boston and we all went out to a Celtics game at TD Garden. It was great seeing him since he just recently moved back from South Korea. He got to meet my boyfriend and new pup for the first time. There was lots of laughs
I, went to the doctor and got good, test results.
My middle son (who is 5) was "skating" around on our laminate flooring and dancing and practicing his ninja spins and kicks this morning.  He was happy and really wanted me to watch him.  It brings me joy to see my kids happy and for them to want to share their happiness by performing for me.
Michael Flynn has requested immunity in return for testifying about ties to Russia
I was able to convince my son to eat his potatoes at dinner!!
I have a son in name of vijay. He studying 10th std. Recently in his school they were conducted a annual day function. My son participated and win a first prize. That's happiest moment in my life.
I made a healthy dinner.
My son did a performance for his school and did well.
happiness is the best part of my life, in fact, being happy is all we need. if you are feling happy. you'll love to let your friends and family know about. it is a wonderful feeling too, especially when you;ll realize that they are glad to see happiness and smile on your face. Maybe that's all they are looking for.
I was happy when I got off of work.
I finished the first week of Spring classes.
I got the day off yesterday.  I was able to relax and recuperate from a 5 week build.
when me and my girl made up after having a big fight.
Today was free breakfast at work, which was quite tasty!
I worked in a lab by arriving early and I was able to progress by really fast with getting the correct answers so I could leave early.
I sold 4 items of clothing from my online sites
I was able to go to the gym for the first time in a while yesterday, which always makes me feel happy.
My best friend got a new job as a Program Manager for a more established food bank. She demanded more from the current company that she works for, and they could not match what she had asked for. She stood up for herself requesting more growth, more respect, and more help and they were not able to do that for her. She decided to move onto something that is better suited for herself. 
When I met up with two of my friends at a brewery after work.
I played very well in pickup basketball.
Today was fifth day of my internship.Adegt is challenging for me,as a student who has no job experience. Today,I felt that it is really stresful, but everyday little by little I move outside of my comfort zone, learn lots of new things. So, it made me happy
I Calm because today is my birthday. Thank you mom
I found some cute clothes on clearance with excellent prices.
When one of my coworkers made a joke about our work process, and everyone around laughed. It was truly funny and we all enjoyed laughing together.
My family visited, while I was asleep they purchased and set up a sand box for my son. When I woke and went outside he was playing and having fun, when he noticed me he through down his play shovel and ran to me. 
I finished my application the College of Education Scholarship.
I went out to dinner with my wife and daughter.
I went out to lunch with co-workers yesterday and had a pleasant, yet lively conversation.
This is the happiest moment of my life. Being born here, i could never imagine this university actually existing.
I walked to the local bakery and got some doughnuts.
Being able to leave work after a long day.
Yesterday my husband was off work due to rain, and he took us to lunch.
Being under on my caloric goal for the day made me happy
Named Employee of the Month at my job. It felt nice to be appreciated, which doesn't happen often.
I joined up with my, who I hadn't seen in several months, and had lunch with her.
Last night was board game night at our house, I won both games we played.
My dog didn't pee in her crate all night.
I was very pleased with how my son performed at baseball practice.
i go to temple and i say poor man and he  is very hungary and i give the food .he is very happy i enjoy the moment. 
i go to temple and i say poor man and he  is very hungary and i give the food .he is very happy i enjoy the moment.
i finished a dollar hit
I finished work early
My sister found out she was pregnant, I'm finally going to be an uncle!
I was playing poker with my friends and won some money.
I went and got lunch with my stepdad. 
I got to ride my bicycle today for the first time in a while.
I woke up feeling very rested.
I ate some pizza slices from my favorite place on the way home from work.
I was happy when I finished washing all of the dishes and was able to relax.
My girlfriend told me that she got the job she applied for
I spoke to a few of my friends about a trip that we have upcoming this weekend, and our plans.
I got paid at work.
The storm finally stopped and the sun came out.
I finally caught up with a show I've been obsessing over.
My dog actually came when I called.
I got to relax and eat at my favorite take out Chinese restaurant at lunch.
I got an free mobile recharge voucher via email.
I Skyped with a friend who lives in another state who I don't get to see much anymore.
I got to babysit my 2 Nieces yesterday, they always make me happy and they are 3 and ten months old and the baby was happy all day which made me happy because it was an easy day.
I found fruits at the grocery store for a very cheap price.
A meeting went very well at work, whereas I didn't think it was going to before.
I was able to get a table outside at my favorite restaurant without having to wait as long as I thought I would.
Played with my daughters kitten as we chased each other around the house and played just about everyone of her toys. 
I was talking to my mom on the phone for an hour at 8:00pm last night.
Work felt like it passed quickly
Snuggling with my daughter this morning.
I played video games and forgot about bills. Of course it all came back but it was nice for the minute
I received a $5 bonus on Mturk for submitting the best writing assignment.
I watched a funny youtube video 
I swept up my apartment and made it look clean.
I gave sugar cookies to a couple of people at work. 
I finished my taxes and am getting a refund.
My check engine light on my car actually went off!
I was learning guitar and have my guitar lessons daily.Today I played a full music of a song without any note mistakes infront of my family.I felt really proud and happy that they appreciated me.
I won $50 on a scratch off lottery ticket.
I TOOK MY DAUGHTER AND GRANDDAUGHTER TO SEE THE NEW DISNEY MOVIE BEAUTY AND THE BEAST AND WE WENT TO DINNER AFTER THE MOVIE.
My co-workers and I were able to finish a work project.
I ate a very tasty lunch at an inexpensive restaurant.
I was able to go to Seattle and back without any traffic - very rare these days!
I made some tea by the fire.
I went out with some friends yesterday after work for dinner and we all had a great time with laughs, jokes, and good food.
Hearing my daughter tell me she had the best time with me.
My stocks are making me quite some money today 
I went and got a new beer from a micro-brewery that I wanted to try.
Tonight, I got my wife her favorite dinner - sushi.  She was so happy when she got home from work.
I was selected to take training at work.
My friend networked my 3 computers for me, which I had no clue how to do.
Hitting my daily quota.
I listened to a great podcast on the solar system.
I was so happy that the paper boy actually climbed my stairs and put my newspaper right outside my door.  I am usually annoyed because I have to walk down the stairs and look for it.
I visited with my friends.
I went to the craft store and was able to find all the supplies I needed for my next sewing project.
Two days back my hubby got a promotion, so he gave me a treat to our family and friends we all met after long time. we enjoyed lot.
Patch 7.2 coming out for World of Warcraft. It actually came out Tuesday but I finally got to play it today. 
An old friend sent me a snapchat and we caught up a bit.
It was snowing when I woke up today. The landscape is a beautiful blanket of white and calm. 
I went to the club with my friends and had a great time together and felt happy.
I finished the actual test in question 1.
A friend of mine from work just had a new baby girl and i was so excited for her.
I hired a new employee to work for me
I found a pack of my new favorite beer at the grocery
I made some money.
The weather has gotten better and I was able to spend some time outside in the sun.
Going to a book signing
My baby almost rolled over
My mom called me and told me that she liked the birthday gifts I sent her last week.
The medicine I am taking finally seems to be helping me get better from my sinus infection.
My daughter called to say she did really well on an exam.
I was happy to hear that my wifes insurance will cover a large portion of an upcoming procedure. 
I was able to get my hair cut, colored and straightened after work.
I ate an amazing burger from a local restaurant 
I was happy to take a shower last night before bed. I had not taken a shower for two days so it felt so good to scrub off the dirt with my wash cloth and body wash, and to shampoo my hair.
Successfully unlocking my phone with a password.  Seriously.  I apparently slept with my phone in my hand I attempted to log-in and failed 14 times out of 15.  Apparently, after the fifteenth time, my Samsung Galaxy S6 will do a factory reset.  That was scary.
Had a really nice homemade sandwich that I made myself. Pretty damn tasty.
I went out for Mexican and used my discount card to save 10 bucks. 
I was happy when my sister in law called and said she had made dinner for us.
I was finally able to exercise for over an hour on the elliptical machine.
I did quite well mturking today and i am very happy with m y tidy sum.
On Facebook this evening, two of my friends revealed that they had found some fabric online in a pattern resembling my cat's face and decided to make a quilt as a gift.
My family enjoyed the dinner I made
Listening to a new podcast.
I didn't have to go into work today.
Getting a lot of positive validation on facebook when I uploaded the photo of me at my research conference. 
I went shopping and was able to find the exact ingredients I was looking for to cook my favorite meal.
I stopped and bought a donut from my favorite donut shop before I went to work. It is rare that I have enough time before work to stop and get one. It is always a good way for me to start my day. 
Just this morning I woke knowing that my auction I had up on Ebay sold today! It was a pretty good value and made me happy knowing that it sold.
I bought a peach tree to replace one that died in my backyard.
I beat the level on a video game. 
I saw and old friend downtown. 
I made low fat banana bread.
A chocolate bar discovered in the kitchen.
i caught up on my favorite show
My sick cat was eating and purring, and looking healthier than he has been in the past few days.
There were some cookies leftover from yesterday that my boss brought to work.
I got gas just as the price was jumping up about 40 cents, so timing was on my side for sure.
While doing laundry today, I found money in my pants pocket that I had forgotten about.
In the past 24 hours, it made me happy to find a really well-paying HIT here on Mechanical Turk and make a good amount of extra money for myself.
My house owner informed me to be here this year too without rental increase, as you are a good tenant.       
My son and I went out to lunch
I ate a gluten-free cookie. 
i got to take my beautiful niece and nephew to the park, i haven't seen them in awhile.
I was volunteering at the library and the librarian was very happy and surprised with how hard I was working.
Taking a long afternoon nap with my cat.
I got an Easter card in the mail from my aunt.
my boyfriend brought me flowers few hours ago 
I watched a motivational video
I was given the opportunity to speak in front of co-workers who were seeking career advice.
I talked with my sister on the phone for an hour today about her babies.
I got up this morning alive and I was thankful.
I was able to get my vacation time approved at work so we could go to Cancun this summer.
I made a dinner that came out particularly good.
I watched a youtube video about a man that carried a women to the finish line.
I had my favorite sandwich at lunch today
Finished all my work on time at my job.
i found my favorite concert t-shirt under my bed after looking forever for it
played volleyball tournament qualifier match and we won
Reading outside on a sunny day with the sound of my wind chimes in the background.
My cat came and hugged me as I slept.
My toddler being so proud of herself for using the potty made me happy. 
go to hotel,cinema and enjoyed with my family
My boyfriend made a big breakfast as a surprise!
I just played my best game ever in bowling! 151 points! 
It made me happy when I went to the park and walked around with my friend.
We had our first youth service as youth pastors. 
My brother told me he got into med school!
I got an A on my math test.
I finished a piece of art I was working on. It looked pretty good and I was satisfied with it.
My 7 month old daughter sat up by herself from laying on her back.
I was able to complete a couple of work projects, which made me very relaxed and happy.
I met my best friends girlfriend for the first time, she was very nice.
My daughter called me 
Hanging out with family and spending half the day with them made me happy.
My dogs gave me big puppy kisses and licks when I got home.
I cleaned the cat box and made my room smell better.
When I went to dinner with my best friend.
I mailed in my final payment for for my car and now I don't owe anything on it.
finished 2 jewelry pieces
I saw an old friend
I surpassed my daily earnings goal on mTurk!
My dog and I went for a walk in the sunshine.
I invented a new recipe for healthy cookies
Another event that made me happy was my daughter coloring me a picture. 
I had an intimate conversation with a new friend for several hours.
I received and email confirming my trip to DC this Saturday
Since we had team meeting we had ordered chinese takeaway for lunch. Loved the food we ordered
I went to happy hour after work.
Played guitar, learning a song on it
I went to the dentist today, and was pleased with the fact that I do not have any cavities.
I got complimented at work.
I enjoyed watch movies with my wife during de nights
My girlfriend told me how much she loved me.
Cooking dinner for my wife.
When I was browsing reddit I saw that steam and Crunchyroll entered an agreement of some sort and anime will now be sold on steam.
I drank iced coffee while my baby napped.
on day 24 h all happe in my life half a day  first time sux in my life oo good You'll be more happy and successful in if you follow these tips.
I was able to use a new process to more efficiently complete a task at work
I received a postcard from and old friend who was vacationing in Italy.
I felt happy when I drank wine with dinner. I love wine and the relief it provides my mind. It helps me wind down and is a reprieve from my stressful days. 
I decided to listen to a bunch of new artists and liked some of them.
I found time in my schedule to workout. 
It made me very happy to get the best score on the college test this morning.
My daughter is feeling better, she was sick and missed school yesterday.
A lady in front of me paid for my order at Starbucks in the drive-thru. 
yesterday i met my college mate accidentally, few minutes to identify felt very happy taking to him about our college days.
I made roasted asparagus for dinner and it turned out exceptionally well.
I decided to take a trip this weekend.
My friend told me a funny joke that also reminded me of a funny event in my past.
I wrote a life insurance policy with a large premium that will turn out to be a good commission
I got to have dinner with my wife. It was sushi too. That was super awesome
I found out a band I like will have a concert near me.
I had a great lunch with a good friend today.
We went to lunch and my coworker picked up the bill.
My husband and kids were all home at the same time and we were able to have a nice, sit down dinner together.
Achieved a new fitness goal of mine.
I ate pizza for lunch.
My husband bought me a coffee and delivered it to my office this morning.  
I had a great workout yesterday! It took longer than normal, but I felt great afterward.
I opened the front door only to see my grand-daughter running up the walk to see me and hug me.
I was happy when the dinner I made tonight worked out and my wife liked it.
I found one reagent I searched for a few days online, which would be very important to my working.
One event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was when I was taking an elevator to the fourth floor, the doors opened at the second floor, and a man inside waved really happily to his friends outside the elevator.
I came home and my dog was waiting for me.
There was a funny scene in a movie that I was seeing for the first time. 
My son was even more excited about the book I ordered for him from Amazon when he saw it than I expected him to be.
I went and got my tattoo touched up and added some plants to it, and it looks really great and I enjoyed talking to my tattoo artist.
I talked to my advisor Finally .She finally gave me the guidelines I needed to succeed !
Today I had to run into town (a thirty minute drive) to pick up several boxes of meat that were arriving at a set time from another town. I have been dreading this trip for days because I knew I would need to drive my pickup (very nice) rather than my car (beat up piece of junk) and about 1000 feet of our road (all downhill) was still covered with thick ice; very slippery due to the warming temperatures. I would be less concerned about sliding into a tree in my car than my pretty little pickup. Early this morning it began snowing and by the time I needed to leave for town there was two fresh inches of snow on the ground which makes for great traction.
my buddy called and jokingly complained about somebody at work that we both hate.
Today is my first wedding Anniversary.
The last night I said with her " I love you ". And she said " Yes". That moment I can't forget
I had a nice long walk with my dog this afternoon. 
I got a surprise gift (phone) and a party from my wife. That was so awesome and great feeling.
Random person said hello to me, and asked how my day was. They genuinely wanted to know.
I was happy wen I finished all my work on time
We will went for a Tour with my Family
I completed reading a Leo Tolstoy novel of 803 pages.
I got the man of the match. And MD awared a new bike .
Eating chocolate covered almonds made me smile.
I achieved my goal of completing a project.
I saw a really cute beagle at the mall prior to watching the movie and was able to play with it for a few minutes.
Watching Rogue One for the 4th time, such a great movie.
I bought some sweet strawberries today.  The strawberries were large and so tasteful.  
My twin boys got very happy to see me when I picked them up after school.
When I made and ate a dinner of grilled cheese and soup.
A couple complimented my dog.
I ran into my good friend at the store.
My cat brought me her favorite toy and let me touch it. She never lets anyone touch it. 
We had a major exam last week and the results are given yesterday. I've got the highest score in our exam.
My supervisor showed me how to change a file type that is linked to a process, which will cut my work time in half.
I calmed my newborn down by giving her a tummy massage.
I got the chance to catch up with an old friend that I found out moved back home! We spoke on the phone for an hour!
My cats were being nice to each other and actually fell asleep together. which is nice as they tend to argue a lot.
I had friend with my friend Rana. She cheered me up she was supportive.
I went to work and all my favorite co workers were there today.
After my internship, my boyfriend asked if he could take me out to celebrate. This made me happy because not only was I feeling good after starting my first day (and being assigned to some pretty impactful projects) but I was also reminded of how much he cares and how proud he is of me. 
I made an amazing salad for dinner that was very good. 
I went to a restaurant I have been wanting to try for a long time now and it was delicious.
I was able to get all my work done early and leave early.
I played videogames  and spent some time with some friends.
I had difficulties talking to my doctor's office about my insurance and I told my husband and he called everyone he needed and took care of the situation.  
I bought tickets to a Broadway show.
I went shopping and found out that I had enough money in my food budget to buy good quality food.
My uncle reached back home with my favourite chocolates
When I walked out the door this morning my daughter said I love you.  One of her first complete sentences.
I woke up early and went to breakfast with my Pastor and we had a great discussion.
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.[3] Since the turn of the millennium, the human flourishing approach, advanced particularly by Amartya Sen has attracted increasing interest in psychological, especially prominent in the work of Martin Seligman, Ed Diener and Ruut Veenhoven, and international development and medical research in the work of Paul Anand.
I decided to hike a local trail and I made it all the way to the top.
so many days I was searching grand wedding saree for marriage . yesterday 4.00 pm I got new designed saree collection . It is very beautiful grand looking saree. 
I sang songs to my wife and was satisfied with her satisfaction.
Holding a grudge has a lot of detrimental effects on your wellbeing, including increased depression, anxiety, and stress. Why let anyone who has wronged you have power over you? If you let go of all your grudges, you'll gain a clear conscience and enough energy to enjoy the good things in life.The happiest people donat have the best of everything; they just make the best of everything they have.a You will have a deeper sense of contentment if you count your blessings instead of yearning for what you donat have
I planted two new seeds in my garden.
My daughter passed her science test today.
I was happy when our disabled 3-year old daughter walked two independent steps between the chair and the ottoman since she does not do that very often.
I had some important work to finish yesterday night and I was sitting in my bedroom with my laptop, finishing my work while my best-friend was sleeping sound. I was sleep driven and getting a bit irritated by seeing her sleeping like a baby. So I made a cup of tea drank it till half the glass and put that glass on the top of our cooler.


My manager approved my expenses.
i had dinner with my dog. 
I felt happy after helping my widow neighbor install motion activated night lights around her house.
An event that happened today that made me happy was cooking a mushroom omelette for my brother.
My son just called me to babysit my 5 grandchildren because he's taking his wife of 17 years old tomorrow night.  My son regularly dates his wife.  I love the man my son has become and the way he treats his wife.
My husband and I looked at fencing options for our new house at the store.
My husband hugged and kissed me to wake me up. 
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.

i got to talk to my fiancee, who is abroad.
I was happy when I  swung on the playground with my daughter.
We got money today. We live on a very limited income and we just get by from payday to payday. This was a big help since we have been having to travel back and forth to hospitals a lot. 
My parents trying to be super supportive even if their ideas weren't always helpful because I could see how much they cared.
I wash my own bike
I received a phone call that someone is sending me two Silkie chickens.

I won money from a scratch off ticket.
I have received my salary.
Today I had my recitation for my chemistry class, which was okay, usually it's boring. I got my work done early, however, and got to go home much sooner than usual.
I went out with friends.
I am happy that I was able to pay for my electric bill. It was really expensive this month.  
I got the results back from my midterm that I was unsure about and I ended up passing somehow
A friend of mine tagged me in a photo on Facebook from our teenage years that I never saw and it brought back wonderful and exciting memories.
It felt nice to be able to answer quite a few questions in my second class today and participate well, especially since I did not do well in the discussion for my first class.
I got to see an old childhood friend for the first time in years.
All of My relatives were come to my home, It is very happy at moment.
I became happy today when I spent time with my child at a playground and he had fun and ran around and we got to spend quality time.
I went shopping and the apples were fresh and delicious.
Got to film a community good news program this afternoon.
I earned a compliment from the director over my department.
 I really enjoyed seeing people living on the sailboats.  
i got suprise from my friend
I talked to a friend that I hadn't spoken to in a long time.
i see my loved one i meet in yesterday.she is very good human being .when ever i saw him i feel better .
When I am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
When I am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cutte smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
I got to spend time with a group of friend's in our Bible study. 
I was completely happy when I watched Oklahoma City Thunder win against the Orlando Magic last night!!
My friend told me she is also planning on moving at the end of June into a smaller place and offered me most of her furniture.
My friend came over and we both had a great time playing a game.
I drank some beer which i haven't done in a few weeks.
I laid down with my puppies after a long day, they showered me with kisses.
Playing with our pig Boomer made me happy. He is really funny and makes a sound that sounds like a laugh. Also he was very sweet and wanted to be petted. 
yesterday my one of the best friend birthday i wish him and happy
I went to have dinner with the most important people in my life. 
My husband played valley ball that  time I expected more score but he didn't score
I found a provider for a product that I've been trying to find for a long time
I completed an over the phone survey about being a fan of the Miami heat an I earned $30. I WS super happy because I needed that $30 at the time but didnt expect to be rewarded for a 5 minute questionnaire. 
2 hours before i saw my close friend is a happiest moment.
I went on a really good run.
My favorite aunt came to visit. 
I accomplished a lot at work today.
I had the full experience of  rain after a long gap
I watched an episode of Fringe I had not seen before earlier this afternoon.
I met my new college advisor and he seems nice.
I have a youtube channel where I make tutorials, and I woke up to a 40 percent increase in views today.
I got a call about bonus work hours tomorrow, which helps my income.
I won a dollar on an app. 
I dropped my glove on the subway and some lady told me so i wouldn't lose it. 
I connected with my students at school in a meaningful way today, and we shared a moment where everyone realized how impactful our time together was.  
My cat got bit by something that made his neck swell up pretty bad a few day ago. Since then all the hair has fallen off and you can see the scab on the hole. It made me so happy when my Chihuahua went over this afternoon and carefully smelled and licked it and then laid down right next to my cat. It was so loving that even thinking about it now i am still smiling.
When i am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say have a nice day and take care
When one of our old teachers (one of the best ones i ever had) leaved a little note in our classroom saying "i miss you, i learned a lot from you"
I got the massage pack free for 2 week near my place.
Yesterday i bought new Hercules cycle.The HERCULES bicycle price 3,500.00.We ride some places in my home down.Then my sister son also ride the bicycler he like so much the bicycle.We cut the cake in front of our cycle.My family peoples also enjoy&happy the new Hercules cycle.We gave workshop in alteration work after complete the work.We will enjoy and ride my cycle.
While I am lying ready to get my office,my parents send off with cute smile and say."Have a nice day and take care".
Semi-lucky occurrence in one of my favorite video games with randomized loot. Got a weapon that wasn't an improvement on my current one, but it looked cooler. Nice change of pace after having the same weapon for over a year. Made me slightly happy.
I WENT TO PARK AND GOT FRESH AIR. LONG BACK AGO I FEEL IT
I finally completed the process of divesting from a big bank with unethical investing practices.
I was happy when the thunderstorm calmed down. I was get nervous when I'm myself and the weather is bad. 
My coworker shared a customer service victory at our team meeting to praise me to our boss.
Last night I had my favorite fast food chain for dinner.
When I am going ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say . Have a nice day and Take care.
2 hours before i saw my close friend is a happiest moment.
Found out it was going to snow this weekend.  I love snow because i grew up down south.
I had an ice cream snack after I ate my dinner.
The day with my pet
My son told me about his day at daycare on the way home tonight. He is funny and cute.
I took a walk outside in the sun with my dog.
I made homemade tomato sauce.
I got to talk to my crush at the local corner store.
YESTERDAY I HAD NEW I PHONE...I FEEL VERY HAPPY FOR THAT...
I went out to dinner with my mom and my husband.
Someone asked me for advice on a topic, and it made me confident.
I was happy when I found out my car was not as damaged as I thought.
I watched survivor and it was crazy and entertaining.
A customer came in to pickup their order and was so happy with the service and the quality of their order that they ordered several more signs.
I was able to go swimming and I had a good work out.
I am happy to report that I received my tax refund in my back account this morning. 
I ran four miles at the gym after work.
Evening I went to  a birthday party and eat delicious food.
I ran four miles this morning with a good time.
AM GOING TO CINEMA IN PAST 24 HOURS VERY EXCITING BECAUSE CELEBRATE MY BIRTHDAY PARTY'S CELEBRATION IN MY FRIENDS.
An event that made me happy was watching my favorite TV show. 
My aunt bought me a huge packet of my favorite instant coffee. 
I saw an animated picture on Reddit of a small fuzzy animal in somebody's shirt pocket, maybe a marsupial, with gigantic eyes, it was really cute!
I saw a beautiful girl with a nice body walking around the park. I felt happy.
I WENT FILM WITH FAMILY,I FEEL BEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE.
An airline offered me significant compensation for a previous customer-service problem.
I PASSED A TEST AND EARNED A CERTIFICATE FOR MY JOB.
I was able to go to the store by myself and just relax and enjoy a coffee, which is a huge thing since I'm a mom to 2 kids. 
My boss wrote me a really nice card too appreciate me. It was personalized and talked about certain characteristics I had that she recognized and appreciated. It was nice to hear that she thinks good things about me.
Having no homework has made me happy.
I visited a shopping event 
I bought new mats for my doors to the house.
HAPPY MOMENT IN THE PAST 24 HOURS AM TRAVELLING TRAIN WITH MY FRIENDS.
I spoke on the phone with a friend that I hadn't spoken to in a long time. 
YESTERDAY ME AND MY FRIENDS WENT TO SHOPPING.WE BOUGHT A GIFT FOR OUR FRIEND BIRTHDAY.SUCH A UNFORGETTABLE HAPPY MOMENT.
someone complimented my work
gets a chance to kiss my girl for the first time and spent a long time together
When I was accepted into a class I didn't think I would make made me very happy.
I felt happy when I took my daughter to story time. 
When me and my wife drank a beer together last evening watching our favorite television show. We don't do much of that these days because of her busy schedule at work.
I made a philly cheese steak that was good
My husband and I planted herbs in our greenhouse today and prepped for some of our summer garden plants.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say, have a nice day and take care
I got out of a meeting earlier than expected.
I found out that sirloin steaks where on sale when I went to the store.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care".
YESTERDAY I HAVE ENJOY THIS DAY, BECAUSE I WAS MEET MY OLD FRIENDS.
I finally got to do some much needed food shopping.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off cute smile and say " Have a nice day and Take care."
When I am getting ready to go my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say '' Have a nice day and Take care.''
I talked to a friend for about 40 minutes
I ate a bowl of donut captain crunch and it was delicious and silly. 
I managed to finish all of my laundry.
Completed packing a packages that I have been postponed for a week.
My brother washed the pots and pans for me.
When I am getting read to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say have a nice day.
Picked up the free shirt I won on an online competition.
When I am getting ready to go my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
I went for a long drive with my friends to few place which I have never visited and I felt amazing . The weather and scenery was beautiful.
I received a free coffee from the cafe due to a customer who had forgotten their order and left 
I ate my favorite ice cream for the first time in 4.5 months
I learned how to cook beef stew in a new way and it tasted way better this time.
Me and my friend were hanging out on my couch, and he found my shark costume from halloween and put it on for no reason.
My husband and I went out for dinner and then decided to come home instead of going to a movie that neither of us was interested in.
Impromptu dance party with my family
I went out for dinner, which I do once a week.
When I am getting ready to my office.My parents send off with one cute smile and say "Have a nice day"
My husband who will not show interest in household chores, yesterday he himself got milk token and gave it to me. That incident made me happy because he never turned to household chores but yesterday he brought milk token.This incident made me happy.
I played indoor volleyball for the first time in a year after being worried about being rusty  and played just fine. 
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE FILM WITH MY WIFE. THAT FILM WAS A COMEDY FILM. THAT MOMENT I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
I was really happy that Roger Federer won his tennis match.  I hope he can continue and eventually win the tournament!  
When I am getting ready to my office.My parents send off with one cute smile and say "Have a nice day"
I and My brother went long drive yesterday thats make me very happy.
While I'm getting ready to my office i meet my school friend and share more things makes me happy
Another event that's made me happy in the past 24 hours is cleaning my current office at work in anticipation for starting my new job in a month.
having lunch with my friends kelli and josh made me happy. we cracked a lot of jokes.
I finally caught up with my TV watching.
I found out that I was going to get a promotion at work which I've been waiting for a long while on.
My boyfriend made me noodles.
I am happy this evening because my youngest son tried tacos for dinner for the first time and loved them.  
I saw my aunt at the church hall this afternoon. 
yesterday morning my son  had got job in campus interview.i felt very happy and satisfaction.
I successfully completed a task at work with a customer after numerous phone and email conversations.
it was the reunion day! seen my friends after a long gap.. we fought back into our college days.. nothing changed, we are all same crazy way. played guitar,dance ,party !!all over e there .we had a party in  club.a  chill beer with friends .. wow what a time i had on that day . kidding  each other.. it was emotional while leaving..
The book I've been wanting to read and had reserved showed up at the library this morning.
I got to spend time with my friends, which made me happy because I have been working too much.
Being able to take a nap.
Seeing the joy and wonder on the children's faces that I work with as they discover new and exciting things everyday. 
I was happy when I finished my exams for the week, thus being able to relax
When I went to the park with my girlfriend and her little brother, we had a blast and I bonded with him.
I did not have enough money to buy a bottle of water with my lunch today from the food cart I always go to, but the man who runs it gave me a water for free since I buy food from him so often.
Preparing a nice chicken dish which tasted so good unexpectedly. 
I'm very happy When i see my old girlfriend and some chat with her and she told me that she is very happy with her life partner.
I saw a really nice car on my way home, which is rare in my town.
I had a long test to do in a class today and once I completed the test I felt very accomplished as I had studied hard for it. 
I received a package I was waiting for in the mail
I drank coffee.
i had the best dinner of my life.. my favorite tandoori
I helped a coworker with a trouble.
A friend of mine was on the verge of crying. She just threw herself at me, clutched at my clothes, and sighed with some relief as I held her tightly. I was overwhelmed she found comfort in my embrace.
celebrating my father in laws birthday
I was able to take a long lunch and read in a coffee shop.
The event was when my child hugged the cat and said how much she loved him and he was so soft.
I cleaned my garage.
My mom brought home dinner for me and it was a surprise.
My wife made cinnamon toast for breakfast this morning.
I made plans to have 2 friends over for a visit on Saturday night. I haven't seen them for awhile and I am looking forward to it. 
My daughter bought me a gift while she was on her field trip.
One of my students, who usually struggles, earned a 100% on a geography quiz.
I found out I was named in my grandpas will to get a cut. 
I made Doro Wat and Kik Alchia today both turned out fantastic.
My husband gave one gift for me . 
my husband James, took me out for lunch today.
I am very happy that I have no errands to run or anything to do the next few days, due to my spring break.
I picked up my special order to continue with my home improvement project.
I finally got around to doing the house cleaning which I have been putting off for some time now. Tedious but satisfying.
I held my best friend's baby.
My dog got a clean bill of health at the vet.
I got to job shadow a company and received free things 
I got back together with my ex girlfriend.
A book I have had on hold at the library for several weeks finally became available to me. 
My kid brought home a good report card which made me feel happy.
This may seem weird, but I just got a high-c from McDonald's. It made me grin like a Cheshire cat.
.. loved ones a Surprise Gift inthe parents my welcome party and i am very happy moment
I was able to purchase two transformers I wanted.
I bought a new piece of furniture.
I got to watch the rainbow six Pro League today, one of my favorite EU teams competed. The games were really close and intense, it was really fun to see.
We got a baby dog today.
I found a coupon I was looking for.
Finishing all of my homework before leaving school and being able to stay focused through the whole time.
I made a great meal when I got home: tomato soup and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
Progressing a little further through my 15th guitar song I'm now learning called "We Three Kings".
I was trying to remember a really catchy song, and I happened to stumble upon it while browsing random Youtube videos.
We bought a new car on my birthday. I was very happy with the car performance and we all went to roam around the city. The luxury and space of the car was very impressive and i am very happy with that.
I took a nap today after class and woke up feeling refreshed.
I watched tv with my husband.
I was called by a family I babysit to come sit for them tomorrow overnight, meaning I will make a lot of money. 
My favorite song, John Prine's "Souvenirs", played on random play on my iPod, and I sang along with it.
I got to eat a delicious home-cooked meal with my family.
My aunt decided that she didn't need her old car and decided to give it to me.
My co worker offered me some cake at lunch.
I played a video game I had really been wanting to have time for.
I talked to my youngest son today and he told me although his baseball team lost, he caught the whole game and only had had 3 passed balls. 
Watching a tv show with my sister and niece made me happy.
There was an empty parking space left when I got to work today, which usually never happens
I had a nice time with my kids. 
everyone make happy
I talked to a girl I really like. 
It made me happy to cuddle and watch a romantic movie with my wife tonight. We ate some candy and cuddled on the bed as we watched 50 Shades Darker together. 
my daughter called me a DAD in first time. My daughter just 9 month old, i'm very happy today because i love  my daughter i love so much. i'm very happy for this.   
Earlier today my daughter managed to find her missing dress shoe that has been missing for weeks, so now I don't have to buy her new shoes for Easter.
I learned I can take special classes with my gym membership I didn't think I could take.
Last night I attended an art show with my childrens art on display at the city hall. 
I completed my work for the day and started a  spring break.
I started packing since I'm moving out of town in a few days.
Yesterday evening I sang songs of worship at church.
My team win the football match today.
My brother found out that his wife was pregnant with twins!
Going to Sonic Drive In to pick up a double bacon cheeseburger, tots, and two chocolate shakes one for me and the other for my son. 
I had got a promotion in work as a manger yesterday because of the success we have received in last two projects. 
When two of my coworkers (they're actually my friends, I don't know why I'm referring to them as coworkers. But we work in the same research group) and I got together around 4 PM just to chat, without caring about anything. Our boss had left already, so we slowed down a bit just to gossip or discuss life.
When my house ready to live with my family
Being able to pay my rent early made me happy in the last twenty four hours.
I had more money in my bank account than I thought I did.
The First Fridays monthly events originated in 1987 as an outlet for African American professionals to mix, mingle and network.[22][23] During the 1980s it was common for an individual to be the only black professional working in their company. First Fridays happy hours become a way for these professionals to meet in a social atmosphere while exchanging useful information. The concept spread rapidly and First Fridays chapters now operate in 39 cities across North America and seven countries worldwide, including Austin, Binghamton, Birmingham, Boston, Charlotte, Charleston, Chicago, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Detroit, Fort Myers, Fort Lauderdale, Hattiesburg, Hartford, Hong Kong, Houston, Indianapolis, Jackson, Kansas City, Kingston, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, London, Louisville, Memphis, Miami, Nashville, Nassau, New Orleans, New York, Newark, Oakland, Orlando, Philadelphia, Phoenix, Pittsburgh, Raleigh, Richmond, Rio de Janeiro, Sacramento, San Antonio, San Diego, San Francisco, St. Louis, Normandy, Scranton, South Bend, Syracuse, Tallahassee, Tokyo, Toronto, and Washington, D.C.
My boyfriend said really cute things on the phone earlier and it made me feel good.
I found a perfect recipe for a loved one's birthday cake. I can finish the cake and its' icing within 3 hours.
 
Took my puppy to the dog park for the first time and she behaved very well.
My 7 year old son wanted to sleep in my bed last night because he had a 'sad' day at school with a friend and he wanted to be close to mommy last night (but for sure don't tell his friends because it's not cool for 7 year olds to sleep with their moms). 
My husband called to just tell me he loved me.
I bought narcotics, and used them, and they always make me happy if it is the right kind.
we have decided to build an home which is our happiest moment.
I took a long relaxing hot shower after having run a bunch of errands all morning.
I was introduced to the show 'True Detective' and watched several episodes.
In the past 24 hours I made a dish that was out of this world and it made me happy because I got it right 
My dog came to greet me when I came home and had non-stop energy which was all transferred to me
I was able to pick up my daughter from school. 
We have got our loan sanctioned which we have applied
Today my boss arrange a 6th ceremony of our office, its a small and happy moment for me.
I ate a really delicious bagel with cream cheese.
took final output of our game project to publish the android environment. its also very good enjoyment because its our 3 years hard work output.
I walked over 2 miles yesterday.
At work, I solved a technical problem that had been baffling me for about a week.
got a bike as a birthday gift from my dad.
Having sex with my girlfriend 
I learned that a friend was able to buy a great house in Ireland.
I accomplished many goals for the day cleaning-wise including some tasks that I have not gotten around to for a long time.
I passed my certification test on Cybrary.  
The boss at work is away so there's less pressure.
I drove to the city for my son's doctor appointment and I felt energized by doing the drive and seeing the city because I spend much of my time at home.
This afternoon, I received a funny text message from my friend that made me laugh a lot.
last night i do sex with my lover
I had dinner at my favorite restaurant.
One event that made me happy was finding some links to some websites that I wanted to look up for a while.
I made a fantastic delicious dinner of baked salmon and salad, it was healthy and wonderful.
Yesterday I helped one man on the street, and the fact that I could help him made me happy, because it's very nice to help people.
I went to shopping to buy nice gift for my uncle.this was the first time i'm buying something for him on my own.
Having a nice/pleasant family dinner at a restaurant and my children ate and were well behaved.
I woke up to my dog lying at the foot of my bed. She got very excited and started wagging her tail and got up to greet me.
The rain in the city on my commute to school was very nice and refreshing.
A friend of mine was married over the weekend and he was showing me his wedding pictures.  He seemed really happy and I was happy for him.
I see a old movies and it will give old memories.
Hanging out with my friends makes me happy.We are in hostel everyday we go out for dinner after completing our work.Its a nice time for me and felt really happy to be with them.Sharing my feelings and my hardships makes me through away all my depressions.
I had three of my friends come over for a visit.
I did very well in mechwarrior online.
A customer left a good review for me.
a festival is going on near my house temple and i am very happy visiting there and enjoying with friends
Disucssing common home problems with coworkers
I had a nice, relaxing chat with my mom today
DOCTORS REPORT FOR DIABETES CLARIFIED THAT IM NOT AFFECTED
Someone brought me dinner.
I and my friends went to my favourite amusement park at the end of the street. We went to all the amazing rides and had a great time there.
I'm on a diet and after weeks of plateauing the numbers on the scale finally moved! I lost two pounds! This keeps me motivated to keep doing well with diet and exercise.
Looking at my Fantasy baseball team and realizing I have a great team.  I drafted well and can't wait for the season to start.  Thought's today of winning my league has made me very happy.
I have started to receive a good income from a job i was already doing.
I repaired my old bike today which was laying in the garage from last few months. It was fully covered with dust and I was very busy so I was ignoring it from last few months. But today morning I decided to give it a try and cleaned it and repaired it and it came to life. After that I had a ride on it which felt amazing. I am very happy that my bike returned to life. Feeling happy.
I watched the successful SpaceX launch with the used rocket this past evening.
My mom and I got take-out from a restaurant we like so we could have dinner together.
My daughter rolled over the first time! 
My maid helped me in my cooking to finish up faster
Thinking about the slice of pizza I'm going to have later on during the night while working overnight.
I watch a funny video which is shared by my friend.
I found some sunglasses that I liked in the clearance section of a store.
i am a supervisor of my organization.i got promotion from my organization .i have good qualification and i am a hard worker.so i got promotion from my higher officers.i feel very happy to my self.my coworkers are encourage to self.
I went to House of Prime Rib for my brother's birthday.
The breeze when I took a walk today.
My dinner tasted fantastic.
My dad told me he loved me today, he rarely ever does that.
I was happy when I bought my favorite drink at the store.
I watched one of my favorite episodes of the X files. 
my son called and said he was doing good in the navy
My significant other did the grocery shopping for me. 
In my friend's house he has two children. Younger one is 6 months old. My wife is talked with him and played with him. But he came to me, and showed his hands to take him. I liked so I take him. after that I understand that he came for me, to take my mobile phone. I am so much surprised to see that. and also got happy.
My cats cuddled together for the first time ever. 
I go to my favorite restaurant without reservation, and luckily they have a table for us within 5 minutes.
Got a call from my mother after a few days which made me so happy.
I finally got paid some money so that we could get some real food to eat around here.
I was playing my Nintendo video games.
My kids drew a picture for me.
I got payment from a client
All of the chairs in my office had been replaced with comfortable chairs. 
I met a guy at the bar who thought I was very beautiful and cool. We are going on a date tomorrow.
I took my dog for a walk.
Today is my brothers birthday and I called him in the morning. He said he was so happy that I remembered his birthday.
The icing on the cake is that that boy belongs to a relatively poor and uneducated family living on my street. The very fact that he was trying to communicate with me with the little English that he had learned in school made my day.
I received my never before tried skin care products in the mail.
I got to sleep in today until almost 10:00 am.
I went to the cinema with my friends.
Today when I got home I cuddle with my dog for about an hour while watching my television show. My dog Ranger gives me unconditional love and it brings me joy and happiness everyday.
Getting a new Job.
I got to see my brother this afternoon.
Yesterday I got a work of event management n I had to arrange n plan the engagement of my client .it was a big function n I'm looking forward for good event 
having my deadline moved to two weeks away
I was paid today.
we are plan to go a new movie
I had fruit - a banana and mandarines.
I rode my motorcycle in to work this morning and there was hardly any traffic. 
Today at work I finally caught up on all the work I missed last week due to training.
I had some delicious ice cream.
got a result favour for me and so happy
I used a yoga exercise to help my son to sleep.
My kid passed in first class in a hindi language exam.
I've got some new international friends as well through Internet
MY BEST FRIEND SURPRISED ME FOR MY BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION ON YESTERDAY , SHE INVITES ALL MY FRIENDS TO THE PARTY I HAD A BEST TIME WITH MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS.
I was happy today when my cat, Lilly, crawled up onto my chest while I was lying on my bed watching TV so that she could snuggle with me. 
I spent almost a month with great anxiety regarding my result publication. I started speculating so many things and many of them were negative. I could hardly keep away the tensions about my upcoming result. The result was so important that my college admission would mostly depend on it. I could not sleep well in the night before the result publishing. I think this is a common anxiety for students and I was familiar with this type of anxiety. However, this particular exam results game me more nightmares than any other time of my life.
I won in the state level dance competition which was held at bangalore this morning.
i played video games yesterday
Making a good grade on a pop quiz.
I went to watch the heat game with my friends. 
I worked all day and made good tips.
my landlord replaced the lights in the dark corridor leading to my apartment
I was able to claim a credit on my tax return without needing to write the FEIN of the institution I had paid to.
I went to a gas station to get gas and the lady in front of me in line at the register paid for my purchases to do a random act of kindness, so I passed it on to the person behind me as well.
I baked using a new biscuit recipe for my girlfriend. 
I won $500 dollars on a scratch off lottery ticket that I spent 5 dollars on.
Eat a big piece of chocolate cake.
Winning a close game of League of Legends.
I had eaten a lot of meals and it really made me happy to eat a lot. It keeps me working properly.

i had given some amount of money to the charity yesterday.
My sister and her family came in to town for a visit.
My kids are back from school and they tell stories of their day, some of them are good some bad, but still I like the way they are excited to tell me everything.
i was able to finish of my work and left for home before my usual time.
I  WENT DO TEMPLE
I went to dance class.
I had sex with my girlfriend after movie. .we had reply nice time together and she was praising me foe my stamina this thing made me happy. 
yesterday night i took a dinner with my friends very nice moment
My grandma buyed one mobile phone for me that I thought to buy and that too makes me extra happy yesterday.
I hit a new  PR in the gym
Dream turning into reality make you the most happiest person in the world, was able to achieve my goal.
My orchids are blooming after lovingly cultivating them for a long time.
I was appointed as a judge in a dance competition. I am feeling very proud about that.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I went to computer class.
I WEND TO MOVIE
I went to nearby medical shop. I purchased medicine of Rs. 500. He gave more money then the rupees i gave. i returned to him. he surprised and appreciated me. thanks
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I woke up and made it to time to work today, even though it was hard.
Arriving home after working and seeing my dog so excited to see me.
I went to temple.
I WENT TO BROWSING CENTER
I got a call from my Mom saying that my uncle was out of the hospital.
I had the most unforgettable experience in my life . It is an experience about helping a blind man to cross the street. I still remember that day vividly. That night I had studied at school library; it was around 10 o'clock, and I prepared to go back home. As I passed through the school gate, I said goodbye to my friends. Suddenly I saw a strange thing in front of me. There was a male standing beside the cross-walk; the traffic light was green, he could walk forward, but he didnt. He was just standing there and made no actions. I was confused at this sight. Out of curiosity, I decided to walk over to him and to see what was happening. I felt perplexed until I walked next to him. Standing beside him, I could see he was wearing sunglasses and holding a white stick; then I knew this man was blind. In this cold winter day, pedestrians all wore heavy coats, including him and me. His was gray and mine was black. I also noticed that there was a sign around his neck. The sign said aI am virtually deaf and blind; please help me cross the street. Tap me on the shoulder.a I knew I must help him. So I tapped him on the shoulder, and then he put his left hand on my right shoulder and I led him across the street. All the process was quiet; the only thing I could hear was the sounds of our steps. It was a chilly night too, but I knew he would feel warm at this moment. When we got across the street, he bowed in thanks, and started walking up the block, to the next corner, then the next. While he walked past me, I couldnat help but start to weep. I wanted to walk him home. It was not a very busy street, almost deserted. He could have been there, on that corner, for 10 minutes. Maybe he is still at another corner, now, waiting. How does he get home? How does he know where his home is? Thinking of this, I cried more loudly. I canat image being deaf and blind. You would be so helpless and dependent on other people. Can you imagine going home like that every day: walking a block, then waiting for someone to help you get across the street, then walking another block, and waiting, relying on the kindness of strangers? After this incident, I realized how blessed I am. I should cherish every day and do my best to help the people who need help in my life.


I WENT TO SHOPPING
i repair my tape recorder today
I won in the national level badminton tournament that was held at delhi.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.
I WENT TO YOGA
my husband took me to dress purchase
After the meeting I went to a doughnut place. 
The Air Force Thunderbird's arrived in to town to practice for the upcoming air show, was amazing to see those aircraft's soar across the sky and perform stunts that I could never dream of doing.
Today after lunch an old friend invited me to a party this weekend. It made me happy because my friend was thinking of me.
I kissed my wife today morning.
I loved a person .When my parents compelled me to marry another person I decided to share my feelings with my lover.Unfortunately his reply was against me .I tried to understand him  and his situation.Every day I used to pray for getting a good life  partner. At the end of this prayer another man came with a proposal.He was a teacher.Actually I couldn't accept him .Parents decided to make him my partner .I obeyed but I took few days to love him .we married and started living together .Slowly I loved him now we are good couples . We have two children living happily with my family.Now I came to understand that God's selection is the best.I am extremely happy in this life.
I had sex with my girlfriend last night and this made me happy.
i make breakfast to day
Yesterday I win some amount in online game and that moment make me feel happy.
The day my brother gifted me a mobile phone. it was yesterday my brother gifted me. I still feel happy about it.
This is regarding an annual retreat held at our parish church which was spiritually enhancing. 
afternoon we all joined for lunch in big hotel.family members all get in together and served lunch for their children
My son said a new word.
When my daughter beautifully sang the song Mother of mine...which I used to sing to my mother as a child. 
When I arrived home from work to discover that I had been accepted into the local football team.
I ate a really great sandwich that I had made myself.
I cleaned my apartment and resolved some clutter.
I got a call letter for an interview
I BOUGHT A NICE FANTASTIC MOBILE yesterday.that is what made my day very happy. 
afternoon we all joined for lunch in big hotel.family members all get in together and served lunch for their children
I ate dinner with my parents. 
My daughter got 100% result for her all subject.
I ate my favorite dish in breakfast this morning and I was really happy about it.
My cat played with the new toy I bought him, which means I didn't waste my money on it.
yesterday as it was a special festival day there were so many special programs and movies in TV.Out of those there was a comedy show which was very nice and i can't stop laughing till the end of that show. I was very happy while watching that show.
We went to celebrate a great victory between the whole group and it was amazing!
My family got a new puppy.
I got my room cleaned.
I worked out at the gym.
My best friend called and told me that he thinks he got the jobe he interviewed for.
My daughter learnt a new word.It was exciting to hear her utter the word.
I discovered another brand of organic chocolate bar and it costs less than two dollars!
I heard from a friend I haven't seen in many months.
on the way to attend the marriage we have to travel through a small village. the place was awesome.people seemed to be innocent.the nature was beautiful.the tress all the way beautiful birds and the sound of the birds.the river flowing all the way to the side of the road.i felt really very happy.
I got a salary hike
i made a huge, cash tip on one of my deliveries today!
I went on a long walk with a beautiful sunset. 
I watched a blu ray concert of my favorite pop group, Tohoshinki.
My boyfriend came home from work after I hadn't seen him all day. I love the moment he walks through that door and we are back together again. 
yesterday my nephew had brought a new motor bike and i was very happy because i can go ride along with him because i am not having any moped.
Watching gun reviews by Colion Noir made me happy as his reviews are very informative, yet also very entertaining and sometimes humorous.
My older daughter put a blanket on my baby daughter.
I played video games with my coworkers online.
learned to cook chicken and it was tasty too
i was happy that i was able to have good exercise at the gym.
Straight after getting the bike, I went to church for the blessings. While coming down, I saw beggars (I would like to call angels). It was a family and kid want to touch my bike and her father and mother was restricting. But I went nearby them and allowed the kid to touch the bike and also horn. The baby gave very happy face, that's my great blessings.
Talking to my friend, knowing that the money is going in the bank, giving others hope.
A LONG CHAT WITH MY FATHER GIVES ME INNER PEACE
I surpassed my goal at work today by 10% today.
A long pray for my wished to Allah in mosque makes my  wish fulfilled
My daughter got up early yesterday morning and cleaned up the kitchen without me asking her. That made me happy.
I just finished a book that I have been reading for a while.  I am an avid reader that reads on average 100 - 140 books a year.  I can read as many as 9 at a time (currently 4).  It's a small thing, but this book, which was 514 pages of fairly small text is finally done.  It's a military history book and was very informative and interesting.  The joy of finishing it is not that I am glad to be finally done, but rather was the joy of learning more about the topic.  it's a small joy also that I can mark that book read and go onto the next one.  Did I mention that by avid reader I'm also a tad obsessive? :)
Today morning, I received a nice top as a gift from my mother for getting a scholarship that made me sail on cloud nine !
2 of my items for sale got reserved which made me happy.
There are two types of people in the world: those who choose to be happy, and those who choose to be unhappy. Contrary to popular belief, happiness doesn't come from fame, fortune, other people, or material possessions. Rather, it comes from within. The richest person in the world could be miserable while a person living in the slums of a third world country could be happy and content. I have spent plenty of time amongst both groups to have seen it first hand. Happy people are happy because they make themselves happy. They maintain a positive outlook on life and remain at peace with themselves.
My baby boy reached his toes for the first time.
My son recovered from his illness
I made my brother's favorite dish and he was very happy to see that. This in turn made me too happy.  
I went to my favorite restaurant.
Happy people understand that itas better to forgive and forget than to let their negative feelings crowd out their positive feelings. Holding a grudge has a lot of detrimental effects on your wellbeing, including increased depression, anxiety, and stress. Why let anyone who has wronged you have power over you? If you let go of all your grudges, you'll gain a clear conscience and enough energy to enjoy the good things in life.
I took a cab and it was morning 8:30am, I was on the way to office.

After reaching my office, I needed to pay him seventy rupees, I had given him a hundred rupees note, he should give me back thirty rupees but instead he gave seventy rupees to me( a fifty and one twenty rupees notes). I was in hurry and I just took the change from him and while putting it into my purse, I noticed the fifty rupees and it striked on my mind, I given him back seventy rupees and took thirty rupees from him.

After giving him back his money, he was really very happy that I haven't took the advantage of his mistake. Now, why I'm happy, I'm happy because, I knew that I'm honest but sometime when you realise your honest self, it's a pleasure for you, it's a happiness for your soul and this happiness everyone should have in their life at least once, in whatever way it comes.
I watched several puppies playing together.
The proposal was insanely ambitiousareal people, alone or in groups, dance to the song, essentially creating an entire dayas worth of music videosaand therefore riddled with creative challenges, which is like manna to Pharrell: aThe best work comes from people who are motivated by crisisawhen something stops the original idea, they respond by coming up with something even better. Existence is all mathematics,a he says. There's an equation for success in every obstacle.a
I got home to see that next door neighbour had mowed our lawn
A smile never cost anybody anything and a day seems to go better when you are surrounded by colleagues that smile and are willingly to help you anytime or just to hug you when you are not feeling ok.If all the people around us would be open minded we would all have something to gain. We all feel very motivated do our job the best way we can when we have a very good training program. Thereby you can receive better feedback  you can work more focused and you can improve your skills when you know you'll be rewarded.
My neighbor's son was found at last after long search . His son was missing since morning due to mental issues and now found
my photograph of that man of the match award winning moment has been published most of the local channels. so i was so happy while watching that. 
I meat my friends at Temple I am feeling better and happy
I went out to dinner with some old friends that I have not seen in awhile.  We had a great dinner and even better
conversation.
I got cash back while i paid my electricity bill and it made me happy
When I watched some old episodes of Breaking Bad.
Yesterday evening i was played cricket. My team won the match. My close friend Solomon is man of the match. I got 34 runs and 2 wickets. Solomon got 58 runs and 3 wickets. So he won the man of the match award. I'm the captain of the team. Really I'm very proud of my teammates and my close friend Solomon. They made me so happy. Today i will give them treat. Really happy. 
Target had my favorite body wash on sale.  
I stopped by Subway for lunch and used a Subway gift card to get a meatball sub.
Checking my balance on my bank account and getting paid earlier than usual. 
I had a good dinner last night which really filled me with joy. Usually my dinner will be pretty flat. But yesterday it was great!
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I taught my 4 year old niece several body functions while waiting at the doctor's office. 
Yesterday, my cute baby boy (1 year age) started to speak few new words and started to caling me & explain his feelings happily while playing with toys.
I completed a video game called "The last of us" on my video game console last night in "Grounded mode" (hardest difficulty level) and It made me happy.
I'm back home and it feels like to be back in my own place as its comfy and known to me; also my husband came to pick me up at the station.
I had a present from my colleagues
I received some flowers from  my husband
I worked outside on my lawn.
I bought a new pair of shoes
I had my favorite dinner tonight, which was a philly cheese steak with fries. I've been craving it for weeks and hadn't been able to pick up the steaks to make it.
I was able to purchase dinner for a friend of mine who wasn't able to buy their own dinner. 
I met up with my mom, whom I haven't seen in several months. 
For the second time, my hubby went for business tour to Malaysia this morning. We all are very happy & proud.
I finished a long work week.
I was able to communicate to my boss my goals and met with positive encouragement.
A business client walked in and we did business together. I had previously approached the client a couple of times and finally she walking in today. She walked away happy as did I.
I went to my elder daughter's school for her open house. I am really worried that i don't know whether she did her exam well. She is 6 year old and she is so lazy. I am surprised that when i meet her teacher. Her teacher told me that she got the best student award in her school 
I was happy when I received a new book from the library.  
Today Morning I have taken charge as the president in front of GOD Mariamman with all rich arrangements and respect. 
I watched a few funny videos on YouTube that made  me laugh really hard.
My nephew who was working with Military service and stayed 2000 Km away from home has reached home yesterday night after 2 years. We all share the experiences of family affairs and he shared his military experience and that moment was an happiest one.
My dog ran away when the door was open. My husband tried to chase and get him back. But our dog came back once he peed in his known spot.
I got a great place in my student promotion in the past 24h
My custom made dress was just delivered today from Africa. My dress took an entire month to make and I am so elated that it has finally arrived.
I made possibly the world's best orange chocolate fudge today and felt proud for the first time in a while.
MY DAUGHTER GAVE ME A SPECIAL CARD THAT SHE MADE WITH COLORS IT MADE ME HAPPY.
My neighbor said hi to me.
An old friend who was a good friend got ahold of me to come hang out a while and catch up.
I got 300 points discount credit from an online shopping site, which I used to order a gift for my son (All free of cost) 
i got a new car 
Got to sleep in.
My boyfriend said he randomly looks at me and feels really lucky to be with me. I feel the same way.
Watched a crime drama on TV, wasn't expecting to enjoy it but got drawn in and it was way better than I was expecting.
I got a new keyboard.
In class yesterday, a group of seniors started reminiscing about the fun we had in Freshman English class.
Coming home from work to see my puppy, Bronson run from the back fence in the yard all the way to the back door in a full on sprint with a large stick in his mouth. He was just as excited to see me as I was him. 
I figured out how to make a mug cake in the microwave with chocolate protein powder. Dessert, but not crappy for you! I'm kind of winning at life today.
being remember some old memories of of my best friend and the time we spend together i remember when we play together and have some fun.
Got the job in Multinational Company, inclusive of myself and my family members are feels so glad, that day we enjoyed with my friends a lot.;
I was happy that I completed my book.
While out grocery shopping I found some white chocolate macadamia nut cookies that I had been wanting for the last few months. 
Another reason I like when my family makes a party is because I get to spend time with family from other countries, in every party I always meet a new family member I had never met before. After the tradition ceremony and the daughter and father dance finally is time to eat some delicious food I been craving all day long. When I moved to United States and left my country behind; I also left a few part of the Mexican culture. Is nice to taste a food from your country at least once in a while, it feels like going back in time and being on the country you were raised on.
Finally was able to catch up with the TV show "The 100" , had been delaying it for quite a while.
I GOT MY UNIVERSITY RESULT TODAY.I AM NOT EXPECTING THE PASS MARK.BUT LUCKILY I GOT PASSED.
As I enterd the fourth round of the quiz competition hosted by Samsung online
Eating briyani in a restaurant.
I met with two friends for a business meeting and then we went out for lunch.
I got some good insight into my actions when I was at my 12-step (OA) meeting.
I lifted heavier weights than I have been doing all week.
I cooked a new dish for dinner than turned out great.
i had a very important meeting in office where i was to present the project and i completed it successfully and the board members like the ideas.
Today morning I received the SMS on my phone about my salary credit for March-2017
I went to visit my uncle.My uncle have a twin babies.There are so cute.They talk very polite.That made me so happy.all together we did a small event.
I once asked a friend who called me on his WEDDING ANNIVERSARY. I asked how does it feel to celebrate the day? But what he said still puzzles me to this day. And I hope we all know that a problem shared is halfway solved. So I have decided to share the puzzle with you.that word was very inspired to me . 
the event was i got a new a andriod phone from my parents and i was happy with it
I decided to purchase a battery pack, which I had been meaning to do for a while.
Praying to Allah at masjid
 I felt the most happy was probably accepting my ex's Boss. I've never been that excited and overjoyed about something. Didn't end up working out, but, y'know.
Finally , I have booked my dream house
My sister came over to visit again. I like seeing her as often as possible.
my husband presented me a red color watch today. which makes me happy today.
I got an unexpected order from an old customer.
My neighbor came over and helped me fix my chicken coup. 
When I blew a large bubble.
We finalized our choice of paint colors for the new apartment!
I purchased a full suit for a hugely discounted price. Now I have something decent for special occasions.
My husband brought my favorite cake when he came back from work.
I happened to meet an old classmate.
Got promoted to US branch office yesterday, more than happy.
I went to the park with my family.
My son who has cerebral palsy, was clearly to a medical assistant. 
Ordering over 8 lbs of animal crackers and six pounds of frosted Pop Tarts on Amazon half an hour ago, and thoughts of finally having some carbohydrates (I eat only once every 24 hours because of a lack of income, no welfare or food bank help, which I would NEVER ask for.) I've lost over 120 lbs this last year since my mother died.
I have been having a rough time with a coworker, so it made me happy when she realized that I unfriended her on Facebook yesterday. 
Temp agency called me back after a month to ask about a prospective assignment.
When I was late but the bus was still not at the bus stop.
I love lasagna and had some for dinner. 
My 6 year old daughter asked if she could sleep in my bed with me.
wore a saree after years
I made my six month old daughter giggle uncontrollably.
Helping my children design and make costumes for World Book day made me happy. 
My son and I played outside today, and the weather was perfect. We had a great time. 
Working outside in the garden while enjoying the sunshine.
Buying a few snacks at the store made me feel pretty happy.
I went for a small fun trip with my office colleagues near National Park .
My husband told me that he was approved for the next step in his apprenticeship program and will be getting a raise in two weeks. 
when i strated to play at a mmorpg game i got happy by meeting other players and play with them.
Yesterday i bought Yonex Badminton Rackets and played with my dad and i was very happy
There are a lot of moments for me; My first daughter, best moment of my life. My second daughter, best moment of my life. My third daughter, best moment of my life. Now I have three grandchildren!
I got a complement from a student I teach about how well I am teaching and it made me feel good.
My child about 1.5 years old was trying to speak "amma" and "appa". It was a big moment in my entire life...
I found one of my favorite ice cream flavors today at Baskin Robbins and I was ecstatic! I bought a big tub of it because I didn't know when they'd have it again. It was so good.
My daughter said a word for the first time (she is 16 months).
I found that I loose my weight by two Kilos. 
Another event that made me happy was going out to a restaurant for dinner with my family.
I went to a baby shower and it was fun and I felt happy both for myself and the mother to be.
today our family made get together party and invited all our relatives for party.
I won a competition and that made me happy .
My dog had been sick and she started feeling better.
I went to theater to see a new movie with my wife
I am happy and excited to attend the new parenting class my wife signed us up for. 
I got a free coffee at the coffee shop.
In my face, I feel a glow whenever I remember yesterday event I went to the International trade fair with some of my friends. That was my first International trade fair visit and this was such a happy experience that I still feel a great joy reciting the memory of this event.
My daughter did a great job on her homework last night.
I had hotcakes for breakfast this morning made my happy today.
I truly decided to move forward on of dream I have.
I talked to my daughter who is away at college on the phone.
I had a dinner party at my house last evening with friends and family.
The second thing that made me happy was that i ordered food and didnt have to cook.
My older daughter came back from her training saying she managed to get into the first team.
I organized my kid's toys which were in a clutter.
I also, did not come home to only clean rugs but also a nice home cooked steak meal with french fries and the lanudry done.
Purchased a digital camera for taking photos of my personal tours and visiting destinations.
I made dinner for my family and we were all home at the same time to eat out on the patio in the warm air.
I was able to control my feelings and anger while having a hard night with my kid.  
Traveling in a bicycle.
My kid got a SUPER sticker for doing good work in school.
I got an offer for a job that would allow me to travel within my company.
I received support from friends when i stopped drinking
I bought a new portable heater for camping/emergencies.
A horse that I knew got shipped to slaughter, was tracked down right before the Mexican border yesterday and bought from the kill buyer.
I won the board game that we played last night
I texted a friend that I had not seen in a long time.
I heard back from an internship that I am very interested in for this summer. They didn't give me an answer, but was encouraging and told me that I would know if I got it in the next couple of weeks.
My brother made dinner because I was working late.
I didn't have to cook because I had leftovers from yesterday
When I am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say. Have a nice day and Take care.
My husband who had been sick all day yesterday woke up feeling better this morning which made me very happy. 
The news that my boss will return to office on Monday after a weeklong official assignment made me happy.
My best friend texted me that she is coming to visit me this weekend! I am super excited for her to arrive today. 
My daughter's birthday is coming up and it's finally her turn to have her party at school, we just got the note.
I did a puzzle with my children and my oldest daughter got so excited when she could do it by herself.
My old college roommate sent me an e-mail with some good news on his medical condition
I volunteered at work to come in this morning at 5am to work on a special assignment to be around morning rush of customers.  I do not usually work directly with customers I am an office employee.   But I had a great time interacting with so many nice people. Now I am at my desk and I get to leave at 2pm since I came in early. I am happy that I get to enjoy the rest of the day with my son and wife.
watched my daughter be inducted into the NTHS at school
I was able to experience the new Zelda game for the first time. 
I closed my personal loan today. I had take a personal loan 2 years back with the tenure for four years with the highest interest rate. With the help of my sister I closed that loan today and became free. It is one of the happiest moments which I felt today.
ARRIVAL OF MY SISTER WITH HER HUSBAND AND TWO KIDS FROM BANGALORE WAS REALLY SURPRISE AND JOYFUL. AFTER LONG TIME SISTER CAME TO MY HOME HENCE FELT VERY HAPPY. PLAYING WITH SMALL KIDS, TAKING THEM TO GARDEN, GIVING THEM CHOCOLATES WAS FILLED WITH FUN. BECAUSE OF THEIR ARRIVAL PREPARED A VARIETY OF DISHES FOR LUNCH. WE ALL HAD FOOD TOGETHER AND ALL THE DISHES CAME OUT VERY WELL. IT WAS REALLY A HAPPY MOMENT WITH THE FAMILY MEMBERS. 
For my birthday my son prepared a cake for me that event is a very very surprise event for me.
i saw an old friend at the store
What made me happy is that I have off today from work.
Although I was feeling tired, I made myself take my dog out for a walk and ended up enjoying it as much as she did.
Saw my nephew first time in about two months. He gave me a big hug and made my day
My friend left work early to get me a ride home over and hour and a half away!
that day i spent more time with my friends and we conducted a party.
I played PS4 with my step son, watched as he had a blast playing WWE being The Big Show.
I'm looking forward to my trip.
I spent time at night watching TV with my wife and kids.
I enjoyed some really yummy pizza for dinner.
i felt happy last night when my child eats their dinner alone, (without my help)
I researched some photographs looking for something to paint and found a large variety of possibilities. 
I finished watching the office after watching it on netflix for 7 months yesterday, what a great ending!
I woke up this morning to birds chirping.
i have watched a movie with fun and enjoy
I ordered Chinese food last night as a treat for myself.
I got my nail painted by an expert yesterday. The new design makes me feel really happy.
During a staff meeting yesterday we were brainstorming and making plans for an upcoming event our team is putting together. Due to the conversation and lighthearted feeling we each began sharing one liner's and making each other laugh. We were laughing so much our boss stepped out of her office wanting to get in on the conversation. Was very enjoyable, felt happy.
My husband fixed dinner for the both of us yesterday evening. I got to take a break from cooking, preparing, serving dinner, It was a nice break that I enjoyed. 
My daughter called me yesterday to tell me about her day at work.
AT DINNER MY MOTHER SHOWED UP AT MY HOUSE AND STAYED OVER FOR DINNER AND THE NIGHT WITH MY FAMILY.
I came home late after a long day and evening at work, and both my cats were waiting for me at the front door as I entered the apartment.  Small things like that bring a smile, and feel welcome.
I just watched the entire match between nick Kyrgios and Alex Zverev and what a rollercoaster it was. Kyrgios finally managed to win it on his 6th match point and I was already on my feet by then.
Wrote and submitted an article for a magazine.
Taking my son to his baseball practice and enjoying the beautiful weather.
My cat was waiting at the door when I got home and was being adorable.
My best friend called me and invited me to a baseball game this week.
I watched the little girl I babysit and my 3 youngest running around before school, being active, using pretend play and giggling. 
My wife and I bought those bacon dog treats for our dogs.  They haven't had them in a while so they were super excited to get them, which made me happy.
I spent time with my parents.
I got to sit down with a person at work that I had a previous relationship with and was able to get my thoughts and reasonings for breaking things off out there. It gave me closure.
I had a better day of making money on mturk than usual
When I got home from work yesterday, my son was there to greet me with a big "Mama!" and hug.
Had some really yummy rice for dinner yesterday
I was able to enjoy watching a movie with my husband.
last 1 month i am doing one task in office and not completed and yesterday i completed and got good response form my teammate
Last night two of my five kids and their families stopped in unexpectedly.
I was happy today when I found out that my father-in-law's cancer treatment is going better than expected. 
I ate hot dogs with mayonnaise and sauerkraut for dinner.
I got a bonus at work.
I found a few old favorite movies on Netflix to watch.
I received a bunch of birthday messages when I woke up this morning. 
I had a nice dinner out last night.
I watched a film that i had been looking forward to, with a friend, and we discussed it afterward.
I was postponing to sort out the mess on my writing table. Papers, gadgets, mobile phones were all dumped in a heap making the table scary. But I had resolved to set the table again this morning and I did it! I felt so happy.
I had a pleasant interaction with the owner of the company I work for, and I feel that I am a valuable part of their crew.
I went running at the gym!
while wearing a old jeans today i found 500$ and felt on top of the world it made my day
I went out to dinner at a local restaurant.
I made a birthday cake for my wife.
My friend discovered a new nature trail nearby and showed up at my house with a great bicycle and helmet for me. 
I completed a 3 mile walk in under an hour.
I played with my son outside and watched him have a good time.
I got a good night's sleep.
i flew a helicopter yesterday
I got up early morning and began to clean my house. I had started rearranging the things and wall hangings. This changed its look. I was really happy to see the new look of my house.
A baby give  chocolate for her birthday i bless the baby and the baby was so happy it make me happy
This event that made me feel happy was when I found money in my car. I had found a five dollar bill in the console of my car. The reason I became so happy is because I forgot I had the five dollars. I became very happy at the idea of what I could do with the five dollars.
I was chatting with friends on twitter, and it made me happy to catch up with them.
My daughter and I went for an evening jog.
This morning my 4 year old actually got dressed by herself without a fight for the first time all week, which made my day. 
payroll was finished for the week early this morning so that task is over.
A family of ducks waddled through the side yard, and my neighbor and I laughed when we caught each other watching them through the window.
Today in same college also announced the campus drive conducted by the IT company in our college, It was my dream of my life to get the job in the information technology sector. tomorrow i am eager to use this opportunity to fulfill my goal of my life.
I checked my credit score yesterday in an attempt to see if I can qualify for a home loan and a it turned out to be rock solid.
My daughter, who is eleven months old, took 4 steps on her own. 
When a moment in front of me appears to be particularly special, whether it be by beauty or experience, I capture it. I usually find a reason to justify taking that photo - symmetry, or color, or contrast - and it's my hope that my photography sheds light onto what I see and do on a daily basis.
Went to a movie with my family.
I was in town and my meter ran out of time.  Someone fed my meter and I didn't get a parking ticket.  I know this because a shop keeper who witnessed the event told me about it when I returned to my car a short time later. I now am going to pay it forward in some way.
My boyfriend surprising me at the airport when I got there.  I had no idea he would be waiting for me to arrive like he did! He also had a teddy bear for me.
My sister and friends came to visit us in the hospital to meet my newborn and see how i was doing.
I began applying for a New Zealand work visa.
I sat out on the porch with my coffee, enjoying the weather.
I played with my dog in the yard and she seemed to enjoy it.
I had a long talk with a good friend and we were able to figure some things out in our friendship.
The happiest day of my life was when I got the chance to be one of the EMS. I felt like I was being carried away by them because the EMS are expert in lit as well as in linguistics. they are also taught to be a good citizen of our society.
My children came home from school and there were no school issues (detention, trouble, etc.) And they showed me their homework right away and after school went smoothly.
I have won the chance to drive a parasailing for free. 
I talked to my dad on the phone last night and we had an awesome conversation.
I brought a new earphone
My new TV was delivered at work.
I did a personal training session at the gym that made me feel very strong and fit!
Wife's health is good, she had a few episodes of panic attack a few months ago.
I scheduled plans to eat with my family and that makes me feel warm.
I got to go to a yoga class with my neighbor.
My brother came home yesterday from college and I haven't seen him in a few months. 
Receiving an encouraging text from a friend made me happy.
I got a phone call for a job interview next week. 
I had a very productive day at work yesterday.
I watched the gem shopping network with my mom over the phone, and we saw a beautiful green diamond.
I laughed at a funny joke my fiance told.
I was able to contact a potential vendor that I trust and might be able to work with him on a project.
My wife made my favorite dinner last night. 
I was happy when I got home and my wife had me a surprise party. 
My wife bought a donut at work and shared it with me.
I went to a new italian restaurant that recently opened.  It was surprisingly good.  The wine was great.  The food for authentic and excellent.
I had a really nice workout after going up in weight on all of my lifts
My girlfriend kissed me goodbye before leaving for work.
Again at GaiaOnline, someone mentioned that my avatar looked like a game character and it was cool to be noticed.
I bought a german shepard puppy last night
I was happy to get a good night's rest since I didn't the night before. 
Few of my friends knocked my door surprisingly, although it was after a good long time, surprise made me happier.
After several months of not eating out, I went out to my favorite fast-food place(Long John Silver's) and got a meal.  It was worth it. 
A new season of one of my favorite TV shows became available to watch on Netflix.
I made enough money on turk to order my food dehydrator
I spent an hour relaxing and reading around noon.
I'm so happy that it's Friday!!!
Driving home from work after 5:00 bell rings always makes me happy knowing that I am one day closer to the weekend.
 i was happy going to lunch with my wife yesterday.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was working out and feeling better about myself for doing so.
My sister came by for a visit and brought my favorite cake along. 
I received a call back from a job I applied for.
I finally beat the final boss in a really hard video game that I've been playing for some time last night.
We have come to the decision of starting construction of our new home and we are beginning to have ideas on how it will be designed.
I got to eat some very delicious garlic Parmesan popcorn that tasted great.
Painted some of the outside of our house
We got invited to an event tonight
I got a lot of currency in my video game, which made me really happy.
Goodbye kisses from my children at the bus stop.
Cleaning up the outside of my house so I can sell it sooner
I made a mug cake and it actually tasted good.
I had delicious Ahi tuna tacos that I made for dinner with my spouse.
yesterday a coworker brought in doughnuts in the morning. it was a nice way to start the day
My dog is adorably cute and has the best underbite. When he wants your attention he stares into your eyes and his little underbite smile pops out. Its hilarious
I, started eating healthier foods. 
I met with some other guys for an addiction support/recovery group.  We talk about our lives and help each other stay "sober" from our addictions.
My wife did not have to go to track practice and stayed home.
My kids were able to play outside for a while before it rained, and therefore got some energy out!
I went to a tour of kerala. I saw natural places and flower gardens. The a lot of flowers of kept in the garden. All flowers are so beautiful. These are unforgettable moment.
I read my book before bed.
I got my paycheck, so I'm not broke anymore.
This is the happiest moment of my life. Being born here, i could never imagine this university actually existing.
I was happy when I got home to see my wife.
I ate some good food with my girlfriend.
I played Mass Effect Andromeda. 
when my dad started to recover from his illness.
Yesterday, my daughter got a great grade on her math test, and she was so excited, so was I!
I checked my email to see that I received a small bonus and was really happy about it since I wanted to leave early for the day to go to lab.
My son hugged and kissed me several times.
I had some free time and was able to play video games.
I went for a jog. I didn't think I was ever going to be able to run again and I didn't run for very long, but I was still able to do it and hope that I can continue. 
When I ate a "chicken fajita pita" at my local restaurant around the corner.
I had a delicious dinner.
Waking Up with my cousin and going to walking made me relaxed and happy
Today is my birthday. hope my birthday blossoms into lots of dreams come ture.
I started planning a vacation for my birthday this year.
Deciding to go out to eat last night instead of cooking, my gf nor i felt like cooking at all last night, and the meal we got was delicious.
While cutting the grass today I witnessed an elderly couple strolling around the neighborhood hand in hand  and laughing. I waved to them in which they replied with a wave back, they came over and introduced themselves and we had a short conversation in which I learned they had been married for 43 years today. 
My roommate cooked curry with rice for me!
I saw my daughter's are project in her elementary school art show.
I visited my mom after work and gave her a big hug.
Today is my birthday. hope my birthday blossoms into lots of dreams come ture.
I got a call from a friend.
Having dinner with my husband and my children.
My children had their DIBELS testing appointments yesterday and they did well!
My boyfriend took me out to lunch yesterday.
It didn't rain on my trip home from work. It was nice not getting wet since I forgot an umbrella.
I stayed up late and talked to my siblings before my brother's wedding.
My daughter gave me a handmade present and card. 
My daughter brushed my hair for me.
I was very pleased with being able to accomplish a task at work yesterday
morning i go to old age home and i service also give food i enjoy the moment still now.
dude, weed
I had a really good breakfast.
I managed to stick to my caloric deficit today, and I got in some good exercise.
I was playing with my kittens.
I listened to some really beautiful music.
I felt clear-headed and amiable while doing a group task today.
Talked to a friend on the phone.
I finally received my free Zippo lighter in the mail that I've been waiting weeks for.
I was happy when my kid stated how much she loves science.
My birthday was yesterday and I got a nice watch
My coworker reminded me that our paychecks are coming in tonight.
I banged my russian girlfriend. 
I ordered lunch from a pizza place I have wanted to try for some time.
My wife brought home some amazing birthday cake today and it was delicious
I watched a cute video of a girl mistaking a water heater for a robot.
I felt great after getting praise for a financial analysis I worked hard on during my work. 
I called my girlfriend and talked for 30 minutes.
I had a delicious chocolate milkshake. 
I am apartment looking currently and I am very happy to see a bunch of places within our target range and being able to stay in the same city.
I watched an episode of The Americans, one of my favorite TV shows currently airing.
My tax refund showed up in the mail.
My attractive coworker asked me if I would like to go out for drinks on Friday.
After dinner I got same alone time with the house to myself so I nestled into a book for a while followed by some tv watching. 
I had korean food during my lunch break at work today.
An investment that I made is going good so far
Taking a hot bubble bath.
I woke up without a hangover. That's actually really impressive now.
My cat jumped in my lap and started purring really loud.
I had a good phone conversation with my parents 
I watched a comedy program.
I guy I like gave me a hug. 
My mom found out she doesn't have a serious illness.
I found a great deal in the bakery on my favorite rolls.
Today I was very tired after my day's work.Seeing my tiredness my mother decided to make my favourite food to relieve me.I was so surprised that she cooked 7 dishes alone within a small period.I was very happy to see that and I ate till I could finally stop eating
My niece showed me her dance she has been learning in dance class.
I READ MY GRANDDAUGHTER ONE OF HER FAVORITE BOOKS BEFORE SHE WENT TO BED.
I spoke with my sister, who is very busy with graduate school, on the phone.
I was able to get my clothes cleaned for a good price.
I was able to transfer money from my mTurk account to my bank account.
I had a nap in the sun.
After work this morning, I went to the gym and finally had the chance to get better to talk with someone that I have been wanting to get the chance to know for quite some time now. 
Rubbing my cat's belly.
My brother came to visit me this morning from a different state.
I came home to my family
I watched a movie with the family tonight after dinner.  It's great to spend time with them.
I finished reading my book that I had been working on for months.
I finished a song I was working on to record with my band.
Buying a game that i wanted with a huge discount.
My wife showed me great affection during the day.
I was running low on funds.  I was so happy my deposit went in this afternoon!  I was able to go to the store and pick up coffee.
I watched a good show.
My mom offered to be my workout buddy today which was a nice change of pace from the solo workouts I usually do.
yesterday i bought a new mobile long time i was waiting for this mobile, i was so happy it was so nice that was a happiest moment in my life.
My cat jumped into the bed and snuggled into my armpit and slept with me all morning.
I ate a really good meal of burritos and nachos.
The water pipe in my house finally thawed out and there is running water again!!!
Today, I received the parcel for my purchase order for my new Samsung gear 360 and I am very happy.
I came back home from a long day at University.
I took my son to the transit museum and he had a great time.
I treated myself to my favorite dessert
I learned that my professors truly appreciate me and all of my efforts.
I got some research done.
I realized I would be able to meet my financial goals for the week.
Playing a video game
My baby got better at batting at the toys on her playmateeeeee
A patient at the clinic I work at gave me a nice compliment. He said he appreciated how efficient I was.
Taking a sick day off of work allowed me to finish a lot of things on my to-do list that I would not have done had I been at work.
I got on the scale this morning and my weight was a little down.
I was happy to see that a coworker had been promoted. 
I woke up to the best husband ever.
I won $200 on a $5 scratcher!
My sister brought me home some food last night. She never never does that. My stomach and brain was so happy that I went into a food coma.
My son dong good on a math test.  As an engineer, that makes me happy.
Had an item delivered that I purchased earlier in the week off eBay. A really good quality product and better than I expected.
I'm getting the hang of my new job. 
I was happy to bump into our neighbor Ruth, who is a lovely young woman with a young son battling cancer.
I received good news that I will finally have a week off in the near future.
In a rare moment of agreeableness, my two dogs and three cats were all sleeping by one another on the couch. 
Last night, I uncovered a book I thought I had lost, which made me quite happy.
My job interview went well.
Being with my dog.
I finally saved up enough to buy something I really want.
I got 8 hours of sleep. This was big because I was becoming sleep deprived for a bit. 
A friend of mine offered me a great price on a piece of technology that I was going to buy new but he has one that is fairly new for 1/4 of the price.
I finished a project at work that I had been working on for a long time. It was such a relief to finally be done and not worry about it any longer. It definitely made me feel fantastic and less stressed. 
Today while working I notice that most of my workers were in a good mood, just that general feeling of those around me are in a good mood had me happy throughout my work day.
I made plans to go to dinner tomorrow night with a good friend.
I had a good lunch with iced tea. 
I got my car fixed.
I did well with my crowdsourcing and GPT work today.
Playing a video game as a way to decompress from life's stresses.
i had an intense workout
I had a good group work session on Slack today.
Got off work today, it has been a long last few days.
I took a long, hot bath and really soaked off the stresses of the day.
A stranger complimented my shoes on the street today.
In the past 24 hours, it made me happy to take a nice little cat nap and feel warm and cozy for a few hours.
Yesterday night when I was walking from office to catch a bus, my colleague gave a lift and left me near the house.
I had a really good night's sleep.
I had lunch with a friend. 
my wife and i had a great date night. we don't get out much anymore, with the slow income.
I was at the gas station and was able to fill my car with exactly the amount of money I had on me.
Helping catch up on projects at work.
I watched one of my favorite tv programs.
i cooked something that many people liked it made me really happy
I spent time with family
I went to the gym even though I had planned to take the evening off.
I finally sold an item on eBay today.
The weather outside today was nice and pleasant.
I had the weekly high score in an online game that I play with friends.
My favorite basketball team that was struggling finally played a good game.
I went for a walk out in a park and listened to some new music.
I had a nice chat with a colleague during the coffee break
Finished with the laundry
i found my missing flip flop in the bushes by my deck
i got new shoes 
A friend liked my outfit and asked where I got my shirt.
I found a way to achieve an educational goal at a low cost.
Stepping on the scale and seeing I've lost a few pounds made me happy today.
all friends and relatives are come to my home i enjoyed
I found out I am getting a kitten soon and I love cats!
I played with my parents dog after not seeing him for weeks.
It made me happy when I ate dinner.
We began planning my mom's birthday dinner. 
I took my parents out to eat.
I finished cleaning my house.
I had fast food. I know it's bad, but it tastes so good.
Going to beach with friends 
Took my dog for a nice walk this afternoon and we enjoyed the weather.
I spent an hour walking my dog in the decent weather and it made both of us very happy.
I started taking St Jhon's Wort, it has increased my mood greatly.
I talked to my best friend on the phone
Getting some time to myself at the end of the day to do surveys and achieve my daily goal made me happy.
I won $20 on a five dollar scratch off ticket.
I got Starbucks and it was tasty!
Cracking open a cold beer last night after a grueling study session for college.
I ended up going outside and mowed the grass for the first time this year.
went for walk with wife
I got an order on my Etsy shop
I realized that my pain from recent surgery is finally faded enough to ignore.
I called an old friend and caught up.
I ordered take out sushi from a place I love
Seeing my son crawl around. He is new to crawling.
I had a good day at work and felt like I really made progress.
It was raining all day but when I finished my workday it was sunny outside
Our AC at home was not working for quite some time and summer has kicked in. When i reached home saw that it got repaired and felt relieved and happy about it.
I found out that someone high ranking in my company came in the same way I did.
Talked to my romantic prospect
I was watching a Jim Gaffigan comedy special with my wife, and it was extremely funny.
My daughter did well on her test in school.
I love go to a stadium with my sons to watch the Football game
I got a great review from my boss at work over a project I finished. 
Watching a storm blow into my town.
I was watching through a bunch of shows in my backlog and I was enjoying being able to catch up.
My husband told me he was offered a part time job that pays very well.
my life  little  things that make your day shine? ... And a complete  fll that has only the best intentions can ... Whether it's keeping up on current events, a new hobby or interest or ... What other small things have made you happy during your work hours?
While attending a free concert on the University campus, I made eye contact and subsequently friends with one of the members of my choir. 
The price of gas in my particular gasoline station fell 10 cents a gallon.
I felt happy when I went to sleep and my boy friend held me in his arms. He wrapped his arms around me and held me close. It made me feel warm and tingly with joy to have his company. 
I finished updating my personal website.
I was able to purchase some items at a great price. 
It made me very happy to see my best friend a few hours ago at the mall.
My brother had a really good article published on Syracuse.com, and I'm proud of him.
I made spaghetti for dinner and it turned out well. 
tried a new chicken receipe on my own for my family and they gave feedback, Fantastic !!!..very happy to hear that.
I tried a flavor of tea that I had never had before and it was really good.
I heard from a relative that I hadn't heard from in a long time. 
My business partners and I made solid progress on a deal we have been working hard to move forward.  Today, we took a very major step in closing the deal.
A customer of mine was very thankful with my follow up with her recent claim
I got to pet my dog after work. She was happy and I was happy!
I ordered a new iPhone.
I finished my workout on time today and was able to make it to a lunch appointment with an old friend.
My husband had made dinner and cleaned the house by the time I had gotten home.
I got on the scale this morning and saw that I have lost 5 pounds since Wednesday.
Tried a new recipe that turned out great!
I took my dog for a walk
I enjoyed watching my favorite tv show on Netflix last night while relaxing in bed.  
Passing my placement test! I was so sure I hadn't made it.
When I sat down to donate blood, I was happy to hear that my iron levels were up and that I could donate again and maybe help someone.
I was happy when two of my meetings at work today got cancelled.
I finally finish my orders prior to its deadline today.
One event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was sitting with my siblings and deciding a name for our new puppy, we decided on the name Archie.
I won a scratch lotto and won 50 bucks.
I saw my cat playing with a new toy. 
My husband came home from work earlier than normal.
I woke up this morning and had a really great workout with my boyfriend and then we got my favorite breakfast, and I'm still feeling it.
I talked to a mexican guy .He was kind 
I rarely look at the forecast but this morning I did, and was elated to see the temperatures will be in the mid forties for at least the next week.
my wife sent me a snapchat of her tits.
I defeated my friend in 8 ball pool three times in a row.
I won medal basketball with my team. I was very excited and I was sting feeling it 
I had a very productive meeting with my boss early this morning.  
I did intraday trading and made a quick gain of 300$. I felt so happy about the quick profit I made.
Found out that a game I like was getting an update to improve some problems I had with it.
I was happy when I called my parents
I got a Contract work
My husband took me by the hand, walking with me to the car before I left, then told me how very much he loves me with eyes fixed upon mine.
Getting office people support. This is the first time my huge support from outside
Taking a hot shower made me feel happy.
I seen somewhat who is important to me.
My friend just got a new job and I'm excited for him.
Met up with one of my old professors at a local grocery store and talking for 30 minutes.
Enjoying some home made brownies that I made.  They were some of the best brownies I had made.  
I found a lost wallet that contained $119.00 cash and some credit cards.
When I checked my mailbox and found no junk mail in it for once.
It was a beautiful day outside.
I picked out a new paint color for downstairs.
My dad called me to let me know that he is cancer free now! 
I played rainbow six seige on my PS4 and we won the three rounds consecutively.
I got two boxes of frozen waffles for free at work.
My coworkers gave me balloons and candy and took me to lunch for my birthday.
Today is one solid week with no soda, a goal I have been working at to build a healthier diet!
A customer complimented me at work which was nice and made my day.
Asma invited for coffee at her house. I am a white woman living in an Arabic community and they rejected me for years and are now accepting me and it feels great. It is hard to be friends with white women once they figure out your husband is a sexist pig they think you are insane (maybe they are right).
I went out and bought a new bottle of nail polish.
It made me happy when my parents remembered that my internship started today and texted me about it in a family group text. It made me happy because a) we hadn't talked about my internship in a week but they still remembered the start day was today and b) it makes me happy that we have a group text to begin with....we're always sharing sarcastic remarks or gifs so to be included in that in itself made me smile.
I finished my taxes and checked it off my long list of things to do. 
I was able to clean my whole house today and take a nap!
I ate some of my homemade gluten-free cheesecake.
Went out for dinner at the food court with my daughter.
I came home from my doctor's appointment and my husband had gotten the kids' lunch all set up and I didn't have to do anything.
I had a satisfying workout.
My son came home from high school, and he was well and happy, and I greeted him and served him lunch.
Went for a movie and it was really amazing movie
We booked a vacation this summer to spend time with family.
I ordered a new book on options trading online,  I found it at a price of $5 instead of the regular price of $35.
Nowadays, happiness is a fuzzy concept and can mean many different things to many people. Part of the challenge of a science of happiness is to identify different concepts of happiness, and where applicable, split them into their components. Related concepts are well-being, quality of life and flourishing. At least one author defines happiness as contentment.[6] Some commentators focus on the difference between the hedonistic tradition of seeking pleasant and avoiding unpleasant experiences, and the eudaimonic tradition of living life in a full and deeply satisfying way.
I was able to complete a television series I started watching a few weeks ago.
In my office  last 2 days we were waiting for approval of great retail deal . Finally yesterday afternoon 1 p.m we got approval,in this approval all workers will get bonus , & promotion including me . so that it gave more happy .
I watched my favorite basketball team win on national television.
i will get into the habit of dreaming big are more likely to accomplish their goals than those who donat. If you dare to dream big, your mind will put itself in a focused and positive state
I purchased a new dress for Sunday party.
My son won an award for good behavior today.
I was happy when my husband came home after leaving me a week alone on business with our twin 3-year olds.
I spend the whole time with my niece. We call names at each other, make funny faces and laugh all the way along. As she slept on my arms, she reminds me of the calmness in twilight, the morning birds chirping, the dusk wind brushing my face. She brings out the best in me and I forget what is unwanted and hideous. Sometimes it's good to be random.
I led an effective meeting at work.
I had dinner with my cod fish. 
I felt happy when my grown son called to say "thank you" for some things I had done for him this morning.
An event that happened this evening that made me happy was listening to the thunder and watching the lightning and rain from inside the comfort of my kitchen while drinking warm coffee. 
Caught the Rachel Maddow show.  My favorite news show.
My husband made dinner for our family.
My son completed his kinder garden school with good grades.  I am so happy. 
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

It was a warmer day than it has been lately
I was happy to see my wife when i came home from work.
I am so glad that I got to see an old friend of mine. I haven't seen my friend in several years, and we met today and got to catch up on old times. It was a bittersweet reunion. 
Driving a new car instead of my old one and seeing how different it is.
I bought New Dresses
I thought that I was out of cream for coffee, but lo and behold, there remained a can in the back of the pantry!
I received a monetary bonus.
I received an offer of a credit.
I went to the library today and was pleased to find that they had a good C++ book for me to practice coding with.
I found out about a job.
I was able to get a discount for some items I needed for my daughter. I saved about $10 total. 
My roommate came home and bought me a box of pizza to myself
My sister, whom I haven't seen in weeks, came over to see, check up and just spend a little time with me.
I felt happy to go back to the sustainability office at my college after almost a year, where I used to have a student job, and meet the amazing and supportive students and employers I have had there, as well as get to eat a delicious nutella filled cookie and vanilla ice cream. 
I got to go bowling with friends today.
I arranged birthday party for my brother. He enjoyed that moment. i feel very happy .
I felt happy when I got a game console to work today and knew that It was worth the wait.
I went for a motorcycle ride in the mountains.
Took a really good social profile picture.
I found a commemorative pin I had lost, and it had been a long time since I lost it.
I had fun chasing iguanas around.
i got a payment of my work
I did the entirety of my dishes, despite ending up using more afterwords for dinner.
i got mechanical truck payment yesterday.i very happy moment for a hour
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my unde`s summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
I was able to finish my work early today and feel like I did a good job. 
I was completely happy when I stepped on the scale and saw that I had lost 8 pounds in the last two weeks.
My daughter passed her road test on the first try.
I watched my favorite television show with my wife before she went to work.
I ate some steak and tacos.
I got to see a friend that i haven't been around in ages.
Finishing grocery shopping made me happy. I was so overwhelmed with grocery shopping today and was very happy to be finished. I was also happy that I had enough food to feed my children for the week. 
my little daughter first speech happen today
I am taking a vacation day tomorrow. 
That time felt very sad and crying also my life time is not end now this my worried 
A dear friend is getting a promotion in his job and visiting his wife who is currently on another country. It made me happy that good things happened to him. 
I lost my keys and thought I was going to have to call a locksmith and pay for a Jew key but luckily someone found them right before I placed the call and saved me $120 and an hour wait. I was ecstatic. 
while i'm lying down on the sofa,my mother tickle me. i was laughing.
I watched a good show on Netflix.
I found a really good sale on spring clothing online.
I was able to get a great deal on an item I was looking to purchase.
I got a call from my childhood friend almost after 22 years
I was able to get some much needed work done that helped me earn a little extra money.
I treated myself to a latte.
I wanted to get lunch, but I didn't feel like going anywhere, but I remembered I had some pizza in the fridge.
I made coconut pecan waffles for lunch- a rare treat.
My cat food, rolling pin, and bottle of perfume arrived in the mail. 
I came home and my girlfriend had dinner ready so i would not have to cook after a long day of working
I took my children for ice cream tonight and watched them play together.  
My spinning instructor sent me a message a few minutes ago telling me to bring my yoga mat to class. That we would be doing some ab work at the end for an extra Friday treat. That made me happy. I love treats :)
When i came to my office, i met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about me uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
When i finally learned the basic guitar chords (was today, im trying to learn how to play the guitar)
I am going to hometown this weekend to visit my family and friends.
Yesterday my grand father&grand mother came my home down. They bought some fruits&sweets.We ate sweets.My mommy prepare the lunch,she prepare some special items especially chicken,eff&fish.My grand father like her kitchen manners.Then we saw serial in 1 hour. Then i went my friends home.
When I came to my office, I me to my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about me uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
Discussed political discourse and various issues with the US criminal justice system with a friend. I love a good intellectual discussion. It made me somewhat happy.
FINISHED AUDIT WORK IN AND ON TIME WITH SUPPORT OF MANAGER
I carefully prepared a cup of hot cocoa to which I added milk, half and half, and chocolate syrup and it turned out tastey.
I was happy when I my book came in the mail that I ordered. 
I took a nice warm shower after walking home in the rain and cold wind. 
Today I spoke with my father and arranged to meet him for dinner in the coming week.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about me uncle's summer vacation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
while i'm lying down on the sofa my grandpa tickle me i was laughing .
i went to the shooting range to try out a new gun.
I went out to drive after spending several days inside my apartment.
The day with my daughter.she is very naught
I was accepted for another on line study that will last 2 weeks and will pay $100.
Got a new watch I've been wanting for a while.
I ate chocolate chocolate chip cookies.
I am a coach for my school's esport team and we had our weekly meeting last night. I always enjoy getting to talk to them in-person and have discussions about the game we play.
YESTERDAY AM SLEEPING MORE THAN 8 HOURS..AFTER THAT I FELT ITS GOOD FOR HEALTH...
I researched ideas to celebrate my upcoming birthday differently this year, and found some great options.
I got news that I would be the one to deliver an important presentation.
I was happy that I my paycheck will be enough to pay the rent.
I just went to the boxing class i love, and saw my friend after she came back from vacation. 
A neighbor's 13 year old boy did some yard work at my home, did a fantastic job and the garden area is looking great!
I woke up before my alarm clock went off and I stayed up.
I was able to find a really local car wash in my new neighborhood of Austin Texas.
I talked to a friend who lives pretty far away that I haven't talk to for a month.
I watch  a comedy movie with my family. 
I started planning a trip to Boston.
I AM SO HAPPY AND ENJOYING BECAUSE SPEND MY FAMILY MEMBERS.THAT MOMENT IS THE BEST 
An event that made me happy was talking to an out of state friend on the phone. 
I had a good workout today with plenty of excercises.
During a break from my therapy class, I got to talk to a really friendly guy outside my clinic, and the weather outside was great, just warm enough with a slight breeze and sunshine.
I withdrew rs 600 from the bank. I added it to rs 200 which I already had. As I counted rs 800 altogether I felt happy.
MY DAUGHTER'S BIRTHDAY WE ARE GOING TO HOTEL.THAT IS HAPPY MOMENT.
I had a nice lunch with a friend and her baby.
I PLAYED THE LOTTERY AND WON $20. IT GOT ME A GOOD LUNCH. 
I went to lunch with my husband and we talked about our day. 
My dog was really excited to see me when I got home. It is nice to have someone/something to come home to, and she is super cute and cuddly. I feel my stress melting away when I see her.
Running the phonathon has made me happy.
I visited  food fair at last night
I was able to take a restful nap this afternoon.
MY BROTHER BIRTHDAY WE ARE GOING TO HOTEL THAT IS HAPPY MOMENT IN MY LIFE.
I found out that i have a job interview next Monday.
THE DINNER THAT WE HAD YESTERDAY WITH ALL MY FAMILY MEMBERS WITHOUT MISSING OUT ANYONE MADE ME HAPPY.WE ALMOST TASTE 50% OF THE FOOD IN THAT RESTAURANT.EACH AND EVERY DISH IS TOO GOOD.
skipped the gym
captured my happy moment with my gf and she was quite happy than me
When I completed my golem upgrade on clash of clans made me pretty happy. 
I felt happy when I had a latte from dunkin donuts. 
While I was watering my newly decorated front landscape a neighbor came up and complimented me on the picturesque flowers that I planted. 
A class was cancelled so I had more free time.
I got some great news this afternoon from a small biopsy I had last week.
When I came to my office I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about me uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
I heard from an old friend.
I got to talk to my dad after not seeing him for a few weeks while he was in another state on business.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
YESTERDAY I WAS GONE FOR MY RELATIVE FUNCTION, BECAUSE MEET MY ALL RELATIVES.
I was able to  set aside some money for the first time in a while.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
When I came to my office, I met grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
My mail order boots arrived today.
My daughter picked a bunch of daffodils and gave them to me as a present. 
I bought a new candle that smells really good.
Had a good sex with my husband
I finished an anime series that I had been watching for months.
When I come to my office I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about me uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
Bought delicious imported pears.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life .
I'm off from work for the next one week as I have decided to go on a holiday . My holiday was confirmed yesterday and I can't wait to get to Bali.
I called my mother to catch up with her since I haven't spoken with her in a few weeks
I was downtown in one of my favorite cities in the world.
I found a copy of one of my favorite games, crash bandicoot, on eBay for a pretty good deal. I haven't had a copy for years.
I made myself one of the best god damn looking sandwiches ever, and it tasted amazing.
A teacher that I have been subbing for was able to come back and teach for a day as her ill husband is slowly improving. 
Visiting with my friends
I smoked a good (and expensive) cigar.
I and My brother went long drive yesterday thats make me very happy.
Yesterday i went to temple , there i saw my old college friend and we chat for some more time in the temple and discuss about the past life. That made me happy for that day.
I had yet another day this week where I did not spend any money to help me save for future expenses. 
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE PARTY WITH MY FRIEND. THAT MOMENT UNFORGETTABLE MOMENT.
I had such a long day at work.  I was so happy to be done and go home at the end of the day.  I was waiting for that moment all day.
I and My brother went long drive yesterday thats make me very happy.
While.I'm lying down on the sofa,my mother tickle me.i was laughing
The last event that's made me happy the past 24 hours is being able to deadlift my highest weight at 225 pounds,
right now i am drinking a beer and that makes me very happy.
I got a decent amount of sleep last night.
I got to sleep in this morning and it made my mood better than usual.
My boyfriend kissed me.
I was happy this afternoon because my coworkers and I cracked jokes all afternoon and laughed a lot.  
I met the new principal of my kid's school this morning. 
last evening during my shopping i got a gift coupon for purchase. i got the first prize by random selection.i felt surprise.
I went out to dinner with my kids after work.
it was a small gesture but this parent saw many of my daily challenges.she has a tremendous amount of effort.respect.
Family trip to Water resort!!hurray... it was hot summer and decided to go for a   vacations.. my family and friends were all enjoyed .. just chill out in beach .. played some  water games,  went of horse ride.. had some desserts.. this makes my day very good .. relaxed .. and enjoyed..
I managed to complete the extra task that my boss entrusted me with.
I received an award at work.
Buying an froyo pint at the grocery store. 
Watching my cat be silly and doing her acrobatics because she makes me laugh. 
I was happy when i cooked and ate a delicious breakfast this morning
Seeing the joy and happiness in my little brothers eyes when he saw that I came home with some pizza and milkshakes.
My mom sent me a funny youtube clip of a baby and a puppy playing together.
Getting positive reply from most of my shareholders for a conference call coming Saturday.
I m very happy to hear 'dad' words from my son.
I went on a walk out in the country early in the morning.
I went over my girlfriends house and played with her cat and dog. 
My husband made a delicious homemade pizza for dinner
I ate lunch with coworkers.
my kid gave me the cutest look..
I watched a movie with my husband.
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me aI donat know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this much my husband birth day party at the moment happy in life.
Having my family over to our house for dinner. 
I discovered a new trick to help make my tasks at work easier.
The event was when I made a big sale on a item I had listed on a sale site.
I listened to an interesting podcast.
My pet cat let me pick him up and hold him.
I accidentally closed a $9.50 HIT before I had finished it.  I emailed the requester and was able to finish and be paid.
I had enough stars for a free drink at Starbucks and cashed them in today. 
I took my sons to visit my husband at work today.
I was able to pet one of my big calves.  He loves having his nub horns rubbed.
I ate cereal. I really like cereal. 
I got a slice of pie with my father and we had a good time chatting.
My Mother came to my home . 
Tonight, my daughter made dinner an made me happy.
I am very happy I am going to see my friends later on, I haven't seen them in weeks.
I spoke with my daughter and granddaughter just before her mom dropped her off at school.
I video chatted with my parents whom I haven't seen for several weeks now as they are overseas.
I had a lunch with my family and we all shared a lot of laughs.
I got offered a new higher paying job.
My car was fixed.
I won a scratch off lottery ticket for one-hundred bucks.
I heard my new favorite song on the radio on the drive to work. 
Taking a walk with my dog in the nice weather made me feel happy.
Since it is getting late, the last thing that made me happy is being back home, with my dog.
new chain gifts present in  my friends. and i am also very happy
My student with Down's Syndrome was able to play most of a song on the drums today.
I got an A+ on a recent paper for college.
I got my new cable box in the mail from Comcast. UPS brought it right to my door and I now have HBO which I'm really excited about. Now I can watch Game of Thrones when it comes on this summer!
One of my friend came from gulf country and give some gift to me.
The little girl I babysit went home.
I was able to eat lunch with a close friend of mine that I have not seen for a few months.
I hit all the green lights on the way to work.
An event that seems to make me happy is whenever I get the chance to drive around in my 2013 Toyota Corolla and see where the adventure takes me.
I studied for a class at the library for around three hours.
Many kids have come to the party. Even though it is small, i was enjoyed a lot playing with kids. It's great thing to be with such wonderful kids on my birthday. Kids always a pleasure banks. Whenever you are worried, you can be relieved immediately if you play with them for a couple of minutes.
I met with a group of friends to study a Bible passage and discuss how it applies to our lives.
I made a payment on our credit card.
I saw a funny meme on instagram. 
I watched the film "Bate's Car: Sweet as a Nut" on the National Film Board of Canada's website and thoroughly enjoyed it.
I got to watch the season finale of my favorite show.  
I made a delicious dinner for me and my Mom and it was easy to prepare.
I watched the new Dave Chappelle stand up on Netflix.
I cleaned my apartment and felt productive afterwards.
I got home early and was able to hang out with my girlfriend for a bit and watch Shameless on Netflix for an hour with her.
Going for a run made me happy.
I received an email from my mom and she signed it by saying "I love you"
I made the right choice to eat in. 
it is so miracle to do this
I watched my favorite movie. 
It made me happy to take a long bubble bath this morning. It was my day off work so I slept in and then enjoyed a slow soak. 
Today i'm very happy because i gave dog for my birth day pending gift. i love dog and now i have a dog i'm very happy.
My husband got off work a little earlier today so he was able to help with the kids while I got some stuff done around the house.
I was able to block many hits very smoothly in my Krav Maga class and felt like my skills had improved.
We had a relative that we had not seen in years visit 
I had an amusing conversation with my wife after the kids went to sleep.
There were no long checkout lines when I went to Wal-Mart yesterday.
Last night my wife I were laughing and joking around before bed.
Today I see my old best friend and we talk some old memories. 
I got an 87 on my Biology Midterm exam!
Checking out my earnings for the week on Mechanical Turk and seeing 50 dollars in my account. 
Me and my wife confirmed the arrival of a new baby, she is pregnant and we came to know this yesterday.
When this girl and this guy (one of the guys mentioned above) that I'm friends with decided to go to Walmart with me to buy groceries. These two don't go very well together, but this time they were really getting along.
When my nephew new born yesterday.
My dog playing with me and licking me made me happy within the last twenty four hours.
I played the game topple with my nephew. 
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
My son wanted to help me do the dishes and I thought it was so sweet.
I realized I had an extra pair of socks so I didn't have to do laundry today. 
Looked at the weather forecast for next week and spring should finally be coming to the are I live.
I make 'cold' sales calls for part of my job. There can be days where I make 40-50 calls and get no one that wants to speak with me. Today, I had the nicest people on the other end of the phone! One person in particular made my day. He was very happy to hear from me and was actually glad that I called!
My son stood up for the first time unassisted today.
My favorite tv show was on, and I actually had time to watch it. 
We are going for a trip to enjoy vacation.
I cuddled with my big soft fluffy dog on the couch while watching tv.
I fixed a problem at work, migrating a computer to a different network, that had been an ongoing issue for the last week.
In the past 24 hours I was happy to see my aunt after a few months. 
I had the luxury of being treated out to a nice dinner by my father and the food was delicious. 
I was able to spend time with my family. 
We have decided to buy a two wheeler next month.
Today my family arrange a picnic party its a little event for me.
I saw my granddaughter play softball
I came home from work early and had time for a game of DOTA.
my friend wedding celebration in church, father give us very good statement about life and happiness. it is also good enjoyment and valuable thing.
My coworker bought me lunch today.  It is something that rarely happens.
I ate pulled pork for dinner (pulled pork that I had made myself for the first time) and it tasted really, really good.
my sister made cake at home for me.
Getting a work promotion
I planted flowers in the garden this evening.
I made a very great and tasty dinner consisting of pork tenderloin, mixed vegetables, and a baked potato for each person, which turned out very well and we also have some good leftovers from it.
I made shrimp scampi. 
My parents have stopped quarreling and are on a ceasefire in the mean time. It's not permanent but it will have to do.
I managed to exercise today, despite hating to exercise, and I felt I had accomplished something very healthy for myself.
Last night, my boyfriend and I made a delicious pasta dinner together.
to day morning i went to meet my new girlfriend.
I took a nap.
An event that made me happy was when I was able to gain more muscle in my arms after working out in the gym.
I was happy that I made a customer happy at work.  That made my day.
I think you can not be happy, you can only be happy. There is no formula for achieving happiness in life, simply there is a choice, to be or not to be :-) if it does not turn out then it is worth thinking about how to change the way of life.
my siblings and me arranged a party at my home making arrangements with my family members was so fun..
Talking with a friend and having a good laugh.
I went and got some food to bring home. I turned on the tv, went to my DVR and saw that The Expanse was on last night. So I watched that while I ate my food.
Finished my homework and quiz that I got 10/10 on. 
I went to see my mom and have lunch with her.  We spoke about how well things are going for her at her job.  That made me very happy to hear.
I bought a new bag and chappel it is very costly and stylish.
Playing games after completing my work makes me feel refreshed and energize my body.So i sleep happily and wake up at morning with refreshed.
I saw a rainbow after the storm.
I worked on refining a deck for Magic: The Gathering.
I found a rare item in the game I was playing.
i bought three jasmine plant and preserving it in a good way and hoping to get jasmine flower in future
Taking a bite of peanut butter out of the jar on the way to work today.
I got to talk with my girlfriend for the better part of the day. I love her so much. We're getting together this tomorrow and that makes me ecstatic.
MY WIFE TRAVELLING TO HER HOME TOWN AND SHE WILL BE COMING AFTER TWO MONTS
I tried a new sandwich and it was delicious.
I and my friends went to my house and we had a great time spending together talking about our past and college life 
An unexpected check arrived in the mail! I love money coming in! This is also confirmation my meditations and hard work using the Law of Attraction and Abundance is working! Yay!
Watching a recorded Survivor has made happy.  I've always been a big fan of the show and watching another blindside at tribal counsel, has made me happy.
when i completed all my work efficiently that i was assigned.
I went for shopping with my spouse. We did enjoyed a lot at the new market that we visited. It was crowded and lively. The weather was nice and the atmosphere was lively. It was amazing to shop at that market.
I was reminded of a friend's upcoming birthday.
I spent a few minutes outside since it was sunny and a nice day.
My daughter laughed for the first time!
My daughter came first at school in a dance competition
Talking to my friend who came in to visit me at work to chat.
Evening I went to the margin free shop and I got surprise gift from the coupon given by the shop for purchasing.
The dinner that I cooked tonight turned out the way I wanted.
i go to restaurant with my friends for celebrating my happiness.i feel very happy to feel that moment.it makes good memory in my life.it feel proud to my self.it gives lot of goodness in my life.it makes more happy in my life.i feel very happy to share this events.
I went to the gym after a long day.
Watching Better Call Saul on Netflix last night.
I had a great nap to wind down from the day.
My daughter did the dishes after supper today.
I was happy when I saw my dogs face when Gave him his new toy.
I found a great book at dollar tree and purchased it for only a dollar. 
i ate my favorite meal today
Everyone helped clean up after dinner and take the garbage out without me asking 25 times.
In night we came very late. But my son prepared dinner for us. This is the first time he makes dinner. It was taste less. But my son prepared I said very good, and nice. I am so happy. My son is 12 years old.
I didn't have to drive four hours to get my mom from the airport because she missed her connecting flight home, she got a rental car instead. 
I finish my work assignment three days before deadline, which don't happen very often.
My supervisor appreciated me for the great work I have done.
I got 8 hours of good, restful sleep and felt great.
I received a call from a company that wanted to interview me.
I got a free Starbucks drink this morning.
I got a new PR in running.
I was able to watch a new video from my favorite youtube channel.
I went to a Mexican Restaurant and ate chicken taquitos. They came with sour cream, guacamole, beans and rice. They were very good and I drank horchata with them. 
I watched a movie that I wanted to see when it first came out.
My colleague has bought a new car and he gave me treat for that,yesterday night.
Just the way he said it cheered me up. I couldnat stop smiling for the rest of the day!
I FaceTimed with my sister for the first time.
The weather was beautiful today.
I went to shopping mall.
I am allergic to gluten and I during lunch today the server in the restaurant told me that they have a gluten free cookie. I ordered it and it made me really HAPPY! I haven't had a cookie in a really long time, because of my allergy! I can't wait to go back and get another one. 
Seeing my boyfriend having a great day. 
I got paid today.
Past 24 hour I got my visa for Spain n I'm flying next week for 10 days to Spain n good news is we all friends got the visa .
drinking with old coworkers
I finished a project at work.
bike rate are slightly decreases my friend plan to buy a new bike
I was able to have some time to myself.
I heard my daughter say 3 new words tonight. 
I got eat a lot of cookies on my cheat day.
I came into some money and got to buy some things I wanted.
going with my parents to picnic
I got back long pending loan from my friend.
All family members had dinner at a famous restaurant in our town.
I went to restaurant with my family and my grandparents which was a very happy moment
TODAY I SAW A SUPER HIT LOVE MOVIE WITH FULL OF LOVE & BEAUTIFUL FEELING AND  MY WHOLE DAY FILLED WITH THAT MEMORY AND  THE MOVIE WAS ENDED WITH HAPPINESS.  
I was happy when my friend said he could go to Cedar Point with me this summer during there special early opening day. 
I strongly believe that ordinary yet priceless things such as health, family solidarity and closeness, important people like friends who will always be there for you no matter what and job satisfaction can definitely lead to happiness. I am opposed to the belief that money makes everyone happy and replete. Although money and wealth are essential elements for human life as they help people cover their expenses, do things they want and purchase materials people want, I don't think that they are the determinant factors. Furthermore, self-contentment could be another important ingredient for us to be happy. We can be happy with however little we have only if we have the self-satisfaction and self-contentment.
I played in the inter circuit tennis tournament and was a runner up in that event.My mom and dad was there in that time.I was really happy at that moment.
i want to meet my old friend yesterday
Talking to my cousin I never get to see.
I got to watch my tv shows. 
I am about to take a shower and it makes me feel clean after work.
bitcoin went up by $10 in value , allowing me to sell some of my coins at a profit. 
I forgot about the regular yearly check up for my son.  I was pleased to find that the Doctor's office had an appointment as early as tomorrow.
When my husband came home with a bunch of goodies that I love. My favorite drink and snacks.
I was able to get 8 full hours of sleep last night. 
I watched a movie with my fiance.
recieve a gift from my boyfriend, a gold ring
Watched a video on YouTube where they parodied a song from an anime.
I completed the requirements of the company I'm working on, it makes me happy because I don't have to worry about anything else anymore.

i had painted my room and accessories by own.
I received an encouraging message from a friend that moved away.
My favourite TV show at night, I love to watch this show and try to avoid any distraction in between my show.
My wife prepared my favorite cottage cheese dish for dinner. It felt awesome.
I WENT DO SHOPPING 
I went to Yoga and Meditaion class.
I exercised in the morning and I had very nice sleep...this thing kept me happy whole day.
yesterday morning i wrote a mail to my company to get my vacation leave they permitted to leave for 2 days i enjoyed my holidays
Today is my week off from my work that feels happy to me yesterday.
I talked to a friend I haven't seen or talked to in a while
Went to reunion, meeting old friends and cracking those age old jokes were really fun.
I found a perfect outfit that I'm going to wear to a friend's wedding.
I got a gift from my sister without any reason.
I WENT TO BROWSING CENTER
I went to shopping mall with family members.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WEND TO SHOPPING 
Yesterday i went to bank one of the street dog faced accident that i did first aid and handed over to the blue cross to protect the animal
I WENDT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I made a new friend tonight while visiting an old friend.
Opening the fridge and seeing that there is still some pasta left.
I went to beach and spent time with family members.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I was told at work today that I could have this weekend off.
I met my 9th grade English teacher on Facebook after a five or six years. She played an important role in my life and when I found her on Facebook, I was elated. She was the reason I began writing and she was the reason I actually enjoyed it. She had just started out her teaching career with us, and it was wonderful seeing her grow with us. She was fun, funny, carefree, smart, and magical. She was the best teacher I've ever had and I owe her a lot. 

When I found her on Facebook, I immediately sent her a friend request. I didn't think she'd accept my request or that she'd remember me, I was in for a sweet surprise when I saw that she accepted and she had sent me a message. It was something like, "Wow! It's been so long since I've seen you! How are you doing? You've grown to be a beautiful woman!" We started chatting with each other and I found out that she had changed schools a states, actually. She was doing well.

I informed her of my writings on Quora, my articles that were published, and my short stories (which I'm still working on a new one). She was proud of me, I mean, exceptionally proud. She said she knew that I'd grow as a writer because she could see the passion in me. I actually had tears in my eyes when I read her message. It was an amazing feeling to know that I've done my teacher proud, especially one that had a significant role in my life.

How does it feel to meet my teacher? It was amazing, I can't express the joy I felt when I found her on Facebook and actually started having a conversation with her.
I WENT TO  TEMPLE
i made breakfast to day 
I felt some cold climate this morning and enjoyed that climate near my home.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
I WENT TO MOVIE
i received an appreciation from my work place
I ate a nice dinner. 
Seen an old friend from many years ago. He visited my house for the first time in over a decade, was a wonderful feeling.
Today I got my tax refund, which was large than normal, and I put it into my savings making me feel very secure.
My wife brought new bike today with her savings.
My elder child was a boy .So I expected to have the younger one a baby girl.After delivery when my doctor said your baby is girl.I felt very happy.
I went to church in the evening with my family and I was happy because of that.
i played with my pet yesterday
I got friend request in facebook from an old school friend that make me happy.
the day my wife got pregnant. The news was known yesterday and i am still happy about the news.
We also had an occasion where we sent people for pilgrimage as a part of upcoming Good Friday celebrations.
evening we went for shopping and purchased new dresses.the moment was unforgettable and we took photos
My husband cooked breakfast for dinner.
When myself and my spouse spent quality time as we walked down a silent road.  
Playing a local poker game online for a large amount of money and coming out first and winning a very large amount of money, but it wasn't just the winning it is the respect I now get for that win and a few others, amazing.
I got a new book that I've been wanting to read in so I can continue the series where I left off.
I matched and talked with a cute girl on tinder.
I watched a movie with friends.
I BOUGHT A NICE FANTASTIC MOBILE yesterday.that is what made my day very happy. 
evening we went for shopping and purchased new dresses.the moment was unforgettable and we took photos
I walked my dogs and the weather was beautiful. 
My husband brought my favorite soap after a long days.
I did twenty pushups in the morning today and this made me happy.
Successfully made some delicious tacos at home with the ingredients I bought earlier today.
Yesterday my daughter got a new dress and i dresses her up well. She was very cute and she started to dance with joy. I too enjoyed a lot looking at her joy.
My family congratulated me and I prepared a surprise that I did not expect
Being able to pay bills on time this week.
I was invited to the beta of a game I play on an Amateur level.
I woke up early and went on a walk with my dog.
My brother brought me a Snickers bar when he went to the store.
My boss complemented my good work and this made me feel good.
A neighbour told me that Joshua is doing well.
I ate a delicious homemade BBQ chicken pizza.
my children and i went to water park near the function hall and we all enjoyed the water games and after that we had a lavish lunch and enjoyed the wedding ceremony.
I bought a new car
the title company doing the closing on my old home called me today to let me know the process is in motion.
I went out to lunch with two of my aunts.
I took pictures of two of my cats cuddled together, happily grooming each other.
I got to eat Wingstop, my favorite wing place ever. I got three of my favorite flavors with french fries. It was just what I was craving and made my belly full and satisfied. 
yesterday my wife bought me a new pair of shoe and socks and i was very happy she told me that is her my birthday present.
I took a very peaceful walk down our road today that made me feel peaceful and happy as the scenery is beautiful and there isn't as much noise where we currently reside.
My older daughter kissed my baby daughters forehead.
My daughter learned how to jump.
finally completed the task provided by my manager. feeling relaxed now
i am happy that the weekend is near.
Another happy moment is, I got an offer after buying the bike. Offer is I can stay in one of the resorts for three days. Booked the resort today morning and waiting for that day to go on my new bike.
Savoring a glass of red wine.
A TRIP WITH MY FRIENDS PAST WEEK END WAS REALLY AWESOME
A good friend of mine sent me the rough draft of a novel they're working on so I can beta it and possible help them edit it before it gets submitted to publishers this year.
A enjoyable chat with my father made me happy
I got a call from my friend that he is getting out of mental institution early. He has bi-pollar and he has been dealing with it for the past 20 years. His hospitalization came as a suprise as he was more sick this time then ever. So when I heard he was getting out, that made me happy.
My last 24 hours were not very eventful.  I'm really stretching here as the past 24 hours have been very routine for me.  However yesterday, I did finish a project at work.  I'm a Unix server administrator.  As part of my job, over the many years I've done this line of work, I have developed a number of computer programs (mostly Perl and shell scripts) to automate this and that.  Some are small some are big.  Because of a module that most of programs use has been deprecated from Perl, and because Red Hat 7, the operating system and version we are moving the servers at work to, no longer comes with that Perl module, a whole lot of my programs were going to break.  There is another module that does the job with a few tweaks to each program.  Over the past few days I have been editing all of my programs to update that module and a few other things.  I finished that today.  It is a nice feeling of accomplishment to finish something.  it was not a major project, but it's still an accomplishment.  I'll take that!
My husband is an auditor and one of his clients hadnt paid the fees in spite of several reminders.But today afternoon, he received a cheque from the client unexpectedly.Our joy doubled at this !
I enjoyed nice big evening meal after I got back from the walk with fresh garlic and salad.
Once you accept the fact that life is not fair, you'll be more at peace with yourself. Instead of obsessing over how unfair life is, just focus on what you can control and change it for the better.
With today's politicians, bankers, lawyers and public service executives, it is hardly surprising that old farts like me and my wife (that's a novelty today) resort to remembering old times to grasp at happy memories and feel better
My husband made dinner for the whole family.
I fix a faulty power installation at home
I got a new hair cut done this morning and it has made me happy.
I went and got ice cream from Coldstone.
Minimizing stress is a key issue in the frantic, changing 21st century world. People under stress are not alert to what is happening around them, and they are prone to oversights and mistakes. Establish a network of mutual support in your company, so people do not feel isolated and know how to get help when they need it.

Encourage confidence.
It's never about the place. It's about the people you spend time with. I have never been much happier. Whenever I went to Tirupati and was traveling back to Bangalore, I felt like I had failed my most important exam, maybe I was missing a train. I cried like a small baby every time I left that place. This time it was different, this time I was happy. I was myself, my true self. Peace!
We had enough money left over to be able to buy groceries.
Not anybody can brag about having a mentor at their job. A mentor is not only a teacher, it is the person that inspires you, the person from whom you want asteala the knowledgeas of the job or you want to enjoy his asuccess secretsa.
I found a good sum of money in the pocket of my old forgotten pair of jeans!
Drinking a ginger tea , thatas all there is , this week hasn't been very exciting or happy , in fact itas been rather tiring and stressful but itas fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.Talking and laughing with my friends and family makes me happy.I slept throughout the night hugging the man that makes my heart beats fast and giving me laughs.

My long pending stomach ache was lessened today and this is absolutely fine to me 
All my friends came to my home and celebrated with cake to enjoy that moment of match winning performance. i wont forget that moment in my whole life
I meat my friends at Temple I am feeling better and happy
I found a ring that I  thought I had lost forever.   It was my mom's ring and means a great deal to me.  I was overjoyed that it was not really lost after all.
I saw a new movie with my family in theater and it made me happy
When I was jogging in the park.
Yesterday 19:00 PM. My childhood friend monisha was asked me to we will go some restaurant. I agreed and we went to big restaurant. Me and monisha had lot of food and juice. Finally we finished all of food. Then we were waited for bill. I was planned to pay the bill but my friend monisha agreed to pay. So I'm happy for this. I saved money. Next time i will pay the bill. Because next month i will get salary so. I can use to pay with salary. Bank savings will not affect. So I'm very happy. Jolly jolly!!!
I gave my boss a suggestion on how to do the layout of a room and he went with it.
I bought tickets to see Elton John live in concert - one of my favorite singers and piano players.
Planning for my daughter's birthday and thinking about all of the exciting things I have in store. Everyday her special day gets closer and closer and I sit back and reflect on the past years, watching her grow.
I was happy since I got a chance in an MBA programme yesterday. It was a long cherished dream of mine which was fulfilled.
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
I got the news of my promotion to a higher post.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
A major bridge on an interstate collapsed in my city and there were no injuries or fatalities. 
After 2 years, I met my aunty this morning. she was in abroad for the past 2 years. She just returned to her home town 2 days back. And, today she came to my home to see my family.
I created a virtual server on my laptop in Windows 2K8 OS by which anyone can access files on a drive on my laptop specified by me through a link and so it works like an online storage solution which makes me happy.
I re-started my exercise schedule after a break, and reached my daily goal.
I got a proposal for a trip in Europe
I had a very good trip from home to the Niagara falls
I ate spaghetti (one of my favorite foods) for dinner.
I went at zoo with my family
Today I got my first night of 8 hours sleep. I've been only getting about 4 hours and it was really taking a toll on me.
I spoke on the phone to my best friend. 
I successfully drove to our first stop on vacation -- on the opposite side of the road than I'm used to -- without getting lost. 
Today morning, we went to hospital to see my brother who is admitted for viral fever attack yesterday. But, now he is recovering very well & getting back healthy very quickly.
I saw a pretty girl.
I was able to fit in watching a movie for fun.
I caught all my connections and made it to work in record time. On a bad day it could take me as long as 1.5  to 2 hours to get to work. Today I made it in less than an hour. WOW.
I worked for a project for the last one month and the task was really hard. I did it very honestly and i finished it right now. Now i feel very happy. 
I was happy when I received pictures and texts from my friend's wedding that I was not able to attend.  
After that a rich feast has been arranged by me to celebrate that happy occasion for high officials and VIPs.   Memory of this happy occasion free full meals also supplied to poor people in the temple campus.
I went  to a sports day yesterday and i love athletics so that made me happy
My cousin's birthday was celebrated yesterday night at a Fun Mall in our city where many of my relatives gathered together and that event was really fun and happy.
I was worried about broken bone in my wrist. After an x-ray, found it was just a sprain. Thank God.
I go to the beach because of the weather with friends
I was able to order from my favorite restaurant today. I got my favorite meal on the menu, and it was delicious. 
I learned from my landlord that my dryer will be fixed tomorrow after nearly a week and a half without clean clothes.
YESTERDAY WE WERE PLANNING TO GO TO OUR NATIVE PLACE DURING THIS SUMMER VACATION, IT MADE ME HAPPY.
I got a lot deeper of sleep than usual.
I was able to donate plasma.
I managed to catch my train by nick of time, and so reached office on time for a meeting. 
i bought my mom her favorite gift and made me happy
Got some pocket change.
My supervisor helped me a lot with my project. It was kind of unexpected because the student leader was pretty rude, so I didn't expect anyone else to be nice in my workplace.
There was a radio interview with a comedian who was promoting their book, while I was driving through traffic. Made the journey go much quicker.
I had an easy work day.
My friend and coworker made me a cup of tea.
Getting into work to see that my coworker approved my trade shift request and left the signed form for me, this means I get my two days off next week for an impromptu vacation!
Broke up my garden spot with the tractor today. I'm always excited to plant new vegetables and I get pretty excited to play with the tractor too. I wish I could farm full time.
i made my favorite food and share it with my friends 
we have got a House in Lucky Dip to be organised by the Government, our family members prays the God and feels very very Happy
I was happy that my daughter made it home safely.
I talked on the phone with my sister, catching up on the news from her day and talking out future plans for the next few months. 
Watching the sun rise, getting a raise, putting a smile on someone's face these are all examples of when a person may feel a happy. They are all diverse, just like the individualas in the world. Happiness is acquired through countless stimuli, whether they are material or emotional. One can not give a general definition for happiness, due to the fact that each person has their own perception of what happiness is. Happiness lies in the eye of the beholder, and as the beholder I see happiness as:Thus through this essay I will describe what happiness means to me, by discussing the above mentioned. I have found that through completing my happy Moments Journal,a that my family is a huge element of my happiness. Over half of the entries in my journal involved some interaction or thought of my family. A couple of examples include having Sunday lunch with my family. Everyone basically, comes together after church and we sit down and eat lunch together and then spend the rest of the day talking and just enjoying each others company. Also, going out with my sister and cousin on the weekends is always brings happiness into my life.
The dinner that my wife made, it was super delicious.
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE PICNIC.THAT TRAVEL WAS VERY BEAUTIFUL.THERE WE SAW  A LOT OF  WONDERFUL PLACES AND I RIDE A BIKE FOR THE FIRST TIME SO THAT WHOLE DAY WAS SO ENJOYABLE .
The news of entering the fourth round of the quiz made my old paralyzed father recharge smile and hugged me 
Conversation with my friend.
I saw an unusual bug on the way home.
I went to the coffee shop and they had the ginger scone that I like. Normally they are sold out by the time I get there.
My wife and I purchased some nice gifts for our parents.
My co worker/friend told me they got engaged.
i finally planned a week vacation for my family 
Yesterday evening I rode my bike after approximately 10 days because all these recent days I have been driving my newly purchased car only.
My passion is to draw sketches.Yesterday I sketched a beautiful woman.I kept in art exhibition.There everyone praised me for my talent.
i went to a movie yesterday with my family and that moment i saw a old man who is crossing the road at the time of crossing the road he made with an accident to him at that time the strange person helped an old man and he saved his life.
the event was i scored good mark in my graduation day and iwas the top scorer of the school
I ate some good sushi.
Playing basket ball for the first time 
Yesterday i went to shopping, I enjoy shopping! It is a nice way to spend some time. Can be social. It is always fun to try on clothes, see how they go together and plan future outfits.

It is also nice to see the new inventions they create. I watched aThe True Cost" that makes me question and despise a lot of things in shops now. I can't help but get drawn in sometimes though. The shops market things in such a way it's hard to not enjoy shopping.

They make us want to buy things to improve our lives and feel loved. We/I need to remember that they are only material things. New clothes and furniture won't really change how people feel about us, once they get past the initial judgements.
Got my salary in my account with hike%
I resisted the temptation to buy useless stuff online, and saved a decent amount of money. Being able to look past thing I don't need is a skill I've been working on, so the fact that I could say "no" this time makes me happy.
my husband appreciated me in my cooking. which makes me happy.
My sister who is staying abroad called me after a month.
One of the guys I took on as a novice let me know he was going to culinary school and gave me a small gift as a thank you for training him. 
Making a new video.
We had a wonderful discussion about our relationship, future, and goals, and things feel significantly better as a result!
I cleaned up my bedroom and it looks very nice. I'm happy to hang around in here now.
My sister came to meet me with her neighbor.
I went for a movie.
My father gifted me latest bike yesterday, very happy.
I played scrabble with my family.
Dancing and singing to the Trolls soundtrack with my son on the way home!
Listening to an odd assortment of music I had downloaded ("Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" by Gene Autry; "We'll Meet Again" [mystical WWII song] by Vera Lynn; "Day By Day" from GodSpell [even though I'm agnostic, hate all religion] "I Can See Clearly Now" by Johnny Nash;
"Ripple" by The Grateful Dead; "Rain On A Highway" by Daughn Gibson; and CHOPIN's Piano Concerto #1.)
I was happy when I received an unexpected gift card in the mail yesterday for something I completed months ago. 
I found I liked the combination of miso soup ad a spoon of mashed potatoes mixed in.
The orange cake my mom baked, which was delicious beyond words.
I had a nice long walk with my dog. We met up with other dogs and their people and enjoyed some fun social time.
My dog jumped up on the bed and attempted to be the little spoon to my big spoon.
visited my besties house after long time
I cooked a really good meal, burgers with mushrooms and sweet potato chips for my wife.
Driving into the driveway and seeing the display of tulips on the mound that I planted made me happy. They keep coming back each year. How brave!
My neighbor came into my house for the first time today, and she kept complimenting me on my decorating. She asked me if I would help her decorate her house. 
Snuggling with my partner and my cats on the sofa.
Being able to stay in bed for a few extra minutes before getting up made me very happy.
I attended a drama show of Full funny comments and jokes
I found a pair of Nike shorts online for $8
i was happy when i was drinking my cofee this morning while whatching a few A(c)pisode of bojack horseman (an animated tv show).
Yesterday i went to comedy movie and enjoyed a lot and i was very happy because everyone enjoyed the movie.
Going to a Wilco gig. Theyare my favorite band. It was at the Roundhouse, and the sound quality was so good. I was also with my best friend in the world, so I think that was my happiest moment so
A student of mine did really well on an exam from taking my advice and studying hard.
I am constructing a new house. Yesterday I purchased a new motor to suck water and distribute to my entire building. It was very helpful....
I had a great day at work today. There was no stress or rush to complete assignments. It was pretty relaxing for a change.
I made a really good dinner and everyone liked it.
My program to go for a picnic with my family  is fixed. 
Another event that made me happy was being awoken by my dog affectionately. 
The rain stopped last night and I could go for a walk without getting wet.
today i met with my primary school friend, and we have decided that this Sunday we are going to forest tours.
The sister gave birth to a baby boy which made me very happy in the past 24 hours.
Yesterday, I got on the weight scales and saw that I had dropped 3 pounds.
I had pizza and veg burger
I was very happy to beat the second dungeon in the new Zelda game I have been playing. 
I ran into an old friend I had not seen in a few years.
I can think of a lovely surprise to share yesterday my last event.  Iam going to tell something what it was, where it happened and when, and then explain exactly why the unexpected happening made me so happy lest event, I really like last event in my life.
My youngest slept in longer this morning so it gave me a chance to get some things done around the house.  She has been waking up really early lately.
I happy today that I got to stay at a motel today and stay away from home.
Being in the gym by myself blasting my favorite music.
I completed a nine dollar task on Murk.
Relatives who live out of state came in for a surprise visit.
The third thing that made me happy was that i had a hair cut.
The book I ordered finally came.
I drew a superb rangoli which my kids liked.
I was complimented by both the principal and vice principal about how excited they were to now have me apart of their permanet team and not just a sub. Since I am a great teacher.
Purchased a Bicycle for exercising and keep my body fit.
I watched a really good movie about the drug trade in China and it had me on the edge of my seat and smiling.
I was much more social with my coworkers and it felt good to feel included.
Watching a poor guy smiling.
A cat gave birth to kittens in my apartment and they are really adorable. My kids love to play with them and cuddle them. That make me feel happy. 
I talked with a pretty girl at the pharmacy. 
I was able to sustain from drinking.
I received my paycheck a day earlier than I thought that I would.
My daughter found out she didn't have to go to a school event last night, freeing up my evening to just stay home.
My daughter snuggled in bed with me this morning
I sat down and actually found time to play guitar for over 4 hours.
My husband made me a meal and came to eat with me while I was working on school work.
I drank coffee that was hot instead of cold which is unusual with how busy I am!
I woke up this morning and remembered it's payday
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about me uncle's summer vacation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
My daughter giggling first thing this morning made me happy.  
I received a call from a longtime friend.
I taught my daughter how to do her taxes and she filed them with little assistance from me. 
It's Friday and I have absolutely nothing planned for today, I don't have to leave the house.
I was able to spend alone time with my oldest daughter yesterday, we went out to lunch and got to talk one on one which never happens.
I called my aunt to check on the injuries she sustained in a fall and learned that she is healing nicely and on schedule.
I remember yesterday I took the time out of my busy work day to have lunch with an old friend. An actually senior citizen retired friend. (I am 41).  It was nice to see him again and to make him feel worth someone's time. He was thrilled which in return made me happy. 
My son took me out for a burger
I received a free, professional massage at work. 
My father discharged from the Hospital today. After a week he became fine and discharged today. it was one the happiest moment i felt today. Great Friday.
LAST HAPPY MOMENT WAS WE ALL WENT TO A NEARBY BIRDS PARK. WITH THE FAMILY MEMBERS AND KIDS GOING TO THE BIRDS PARK WAS REALLY FUN. SEEN A VARIETY OF BIRDS, THEIR CHIRPING SOUND WAS REALLY VERY PLEASANT FOR THE EARS. ALSO SAW SOME UNSEEN BIRDS WHICH CAME TO THE PARK FOR BREEDING SEASON, IT WAS ALSO NICE. ALSO SAW FEW BIRDS HATCHING THEIR EGGS, FEW NEW BORN BIRDS WERE ALL FILLED WITH FUN AND HAPPY. SHOWING THOSE BIRDS TO KIDS WAS REALLY HAPPIEST MOMENT SINCE THEIR ENJOYMENT IN SEEING BIRDS WAS AWESOME. FINALLY THE FULL DAY WAS SPENT HAPPILY WITH FAMILY MEMBERS.
one day we went to a New year party function there is a lucky draw the winner get 2 grams gold. I am a winner in that show that  is a very happy moment.
calling my sister
What makes me happy is that I get to go shopping all day long!
I was able to figure out a problem I was having with data in a software program and run the analysis I wanted to conduct.
Received a phone call from the lawyer that I will be closing on our new house in a few weeks. Can't wait.
When I saw my wife back at home after leaving the hospital to do tests! She was happy to see me as I work over 1 1/2 hours away.
that day my girlfriend says her proposal. i pick her up and going outside with full of happiness.
My girlfriend and I got to relax once my stepson was asleep, was great to see her finally get to unwind with Greys Anatomy.
My friend sent me a nice text.
At work, I made a lot of progress on several of my projects that were previously on hold.
I was able to get completely caught up on laundry for our family of five.
i felt happy because i had earned 20$ dollars on mturk appying  short surveys
I had a lovely long sleep that made me feel refreshed and very content.
I realized that I had two $25 gift cards that I could use on anything, so I used them to get my internet bill out of the way and was very gratified.
I had some homemade oatmeal cookies for dessert. 
i attended my freind's marriage
I woke up this morning and looked at my calendar to see that it was Friday, and the start of a three-day weekend for me.
I have received my new freelance job payment this morning and this has also made me happy.
I read an online story about Disneyland showing pictures revealing the new Guardians of the Galaxy: Breakout ride. The pictures looked great and for a short time my thoughts were lost in Disneyland and wondering about the new ride and when I can next visit. Always feel happy when I think about my happy place.
I was able to take a long 2 mile walk in the park yesterday. The rain had stopped, but still cloudy and cool. I needed to get out and be in nature for awhile. The walk was calming, quiet, peaceful and serene. I felt content and happy. 
I went for a 20 minute evening walk around my neighborhood with my husband.
MY DOG'S EXAM AT THE VET TURNED OUT GREAT HIS KIDNEYS ARE WORKING FINE.
At work, after having battled with US customs officials over an important shipment they had on hold for nearly a week, I was finally able to negotiate its release without any penalties or duties assessed.  I was immensely relieved and happy to end the afternoon on a positive note.
I spent a few hours teaching my flatmate video editing with Premiere Pro and it brought back nostalgic memories of when I was a pro at doing it
Had meeting with office staff over lunch.
Buying a new tv for my den in the basement.
My husband and I booked a trip to Seattle and Portland for some hiking and sightseeing.
I was selected at my job to receive a a night out at the local bar.
I finished the last of my laundry and won't have to do any all weekend.
I met my goal on Mturk yesterday.
I spent time with my significant other.
I made a really good dinner for dinner last night.
I had a nice block of free time last night, and was able to get caught up on some housework
Today, I asked my boss if I could leave work a few hours early in order to travel and she said yes.
An order I made last week finally shipped out last night!
My work load picked up a bit, giving me more to do.
last 1 month i am doing one task in office and not completed and yesterday i completed and got good response form my teammate
My husband and I cooked a new recipe together.
I was happy today, this morning, when I remembered that this is my day off work and I'm off work the next three days!
We decided to go out and buy a new charcoal grill.
I started watching a new show.
I was able to loan my mom money to help throw a better party for her husband's birthday and she was extremely grateful.
My knee stopped hurting. 
I watched "The View', my favorite tv show yesterday.
I saw this HIT was available; it's a good $/time ratio and usually is a mood lifter, thanks bros.
I usually eat in expensive restaurants. I spent more money than I can afford in the last few days. But yesterday I made it a point to go to a cheaper restaurant for dinner. And I did it and saved money. I felt so happy.
I got to go out to dinner with my wife, and we had a very pleasant evening together.
My seedlings have started to sprout!
while meeting a friend i laughed so much that my stomach hurt
I worked on a landscaping plan for my yard.
I went on a really pleasant bike ride.
I introduced my fussy cat to a new kind of treat that she really enjoys.
I received a call from a person I am currently dating and had a very good conversation and date set for tonight.
I ate dinner with my family and we had a really good conversation.
I had a great dinner last night.
i met a really good friend that i haven seen in a long time
I take care of my little garden where some small plants and trees are there. I was really happy to see the papaya tree started flowering. After few days I found small papaya on that tree. At last the day came when I was able to pluck the ripe fruit and eat it. This was the most wonderful moment since this was the first fruit of my garden. I felt happy to see a fruit in my garden. Awesome experience!
my mom gave a surprise gift and it look so beautiful
This event that that made me happy was when I received a haircut from the barber. Whenever I get a haircut it seems to boost my confidence level. So of course after I received the haircut and saw what it looked like in the mirror my confidence was boosted. this then caused me to become very joyous and happy.
sef ww et
I was able to buy a book on my wish list for a low price.
I started reading a new book.
It makes me happy that the weather today is warm, overcast and misty because it is a sign spring in here. 
baby gift was sent by a friend it was an expensive highchair.
My other neighbors announced that, after a year of searching, they'll be moving from their current rental into their own home.
Today i reached the earning from the online as i guessed within the time. This makes so happy of the time i see that earning in my webpage. Because it is the most important income for my future plans.
I was happy to receive two follows up on my summer job applications for potential interviews coming up.
I was able to sleep in past 5 am, and still have a few minutes to myself without children.
The moment we begin to fear the opinions of others and hesitate to tell the truth that is in us, and from motives of policy are silent when we should speak, the divine floods of light and life no longer flow into our souls.

Talked to a school friend after a long time.
I watched a person feed a stray cat in my neighborhood.  There is an abandoned garage that the cat lives in and this person takes car of the cat making sure it has food and clean water.  When I see little things like this, it makes me feel really good.
This amazing place we stopped for a late night snack.  The food was spend, however we did not eat too much and the food was wonderful!
The doctors at this hospital said that the baby is perfect and healthy.
I paid the rent for last month of the lease rent on my apartment. 
I had time to sit and read a good book.
I woke up in the morning and was in great health.
None of my friends have plans this weekend, so i might be able to not do anything at all this whole weekend which is pretty rare in my life.
The happiest moment in my life is when I passed my 10th
class and I reached my house where every body was 
celebrating . This is the happiest moment in life.
One of my families vehicles had to get some work on it and went to the shop.  We got it back last night, which takes some of the driving responsibility off my back.
I managed to run for 5 miles today. 
I sent an updated W-4 to my employer updating my tax withholdings to have the government withhold LESS of my taxes each month!
I talked to my sister.
Finding out my oldest son had a great report card and that his reading level rose three places in the trimester.
I snuggled with my boyfriend and slept really soundly.
Phone dropped, screen protection broke and the screen itself didn't make a scratch.
I completed a hard training class for work which will help me in the future.
I met a new neighbor that seemed really sweet.
I found twenty dollars in my coat pocket yesterday that I forgot I put in there. 
Buying paint to use on our house made me happy.
My sister and I did not have any major arguments. 
I came home from work and was greeted by my husband and our dog. 
I got a new CD in the mail and had a chance to listen to it yesterday for the first time.
I received my paycheck for the biweekly period.
I was able to make process on a project that I'm working with and have a productive conference call that brought clarity to an issue.
Everyone went to bed early so I got to stay up for a while and play some video games
I was happy when I got to go open my presents last night! 
I was able to watch a few episodes of my favorite TV show.
I had to get to work early to complete the month end report.  Traffic was relatively light as I drove to work.  I was a nice change to my usual commute. 
We got a lot of rain and my herbs are starting to come up after being dormant all winter
My girlfriend sent me an "I love you" text from work.
I bought a little flying dragon pet thing that follows my avatar around on GaiaOnline.
I made $40 extra dollars. 
I'm very happy today is Friday!
The market I go to buy fruits brought cheers to me as I found few fresh berries and apples along with other of my favorite fruits.
I talked with some friends about potentially starting a business together. 
I spent two hours doing volunteer work for an upcoming local film festival with a fun group of people.
I got to see my good friend for dinner
I played a video game and acquired an item in the game I really wanted.
We signed our son up for gymnastics.  I am so excited for him, he will be doing what he loves.
Being accepted as an Amazon Mechanical Turk worker yesterday made my day as now I can keep myself busy during down times at work and make extra money at it too.
I was happy yesterday spending the evening planning a trip to Disneyworld with my wife and taking our granddaughter
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was traveling to see my girlfriend that lives 6 hours away whom I haven't seen in a month.
My neighbor and I have decided to throw a block party so we can meet our new neighbors. 
My friend sent me an email to let me know about a weekend hiking trip he's organizing next month. I'm looking forward to going.
I came home last night to see that my roommate had done some of my laundry!
I bought my favorite gaming franchise that I have been waiting for. It is a gift to myself for all the hardwork. I have to pick it up this afternoon and I am over excited.
I woke up this morning and realized I got to drive to visit my boyfriend this weekend! 
Rewatched an episode of one of my favorite shows
My new phone arrived
I was working out yesterday and after the workout I was pretty happy.
GOt time to workout alone without any interrupting 
Mowing the grass, using that as some "me" time
I found out how much I'm getting for a raise and it's bigger than expected. 
I spent some time reading a book that I am really enjoying.
i cooked a new dinner for my husband and it made me happy that he really liked it, i was worried he wouldn't. but he loved it.
I ate a torta from this new mexican restaurant and it was the most delicious torta I have ever ate.
I, took a walk in the park.
My boss remarked at how my team had done a good job of fixing a lot of bugs in a new website we're about to launch at work.  It was very satisfying to get mentioned for a job well done.
We had mac and cheese for dinner
I made it to work on time this morning, despite having heavy rains and crazy drivers!
I went to a zoo in chennai. I saw a lot animals in the zoo. Every animal pranks with each other. It's amazing moments in my life.
I talked to my partner on the phone for a while.
My son hit an in the park homerun in baseball.
I think it's time to be happy again.
I was happy when my wife and I went to Ram's Horn to eat.
I made plans to travel in a couple of weeks.
I checked the fluids in my vehicle and made sure it was running ok.
when my mom said that she would be making my favorite, chicken salad, for dinner.
My students worked really hard in class this morning, and completed all of their stations work without me pestering them, or whining! 
On the way home, a bus was already at the stop so I was able to catch it right away and get home faster than usual.
My husband and I cuddled and fell asleep
I was able to problem solve and overcome an issue at work.
I was praised for all of my hard work and organization at my job. 
When my wife told me that she put down the toddler before I got home.
I talked to my mother on the phone.
My Birthday will be over in 1 hour and 20 minutes from now.

It was a great day indeed.

All my friends wished (bullied! to be precise) me with so much love and energy.
happy birthday, my love! I love you so very much! have a special day
I received a ring that I had ordered in the mail and got to wear it for a few hours.
This morning my girlfriend called me. She had stopped on her way to work and helped some baby armadillos get over a curb by the road they were trying to cross in order to follow their mother. The picture of this made me feel warm and I know she did a good deed.
My son had Autism and we take him to speech therapy in the morning time 4 times a week. This morning was the first time that the therapist said that he had made positive progress. 
I carried my team to victory in a game of League of Legends.
When I came to bed last night, my wife was asleep on her side of the bed.
I talked to a friend online about watching Major League Baseball's Opening Day together next Monday. 
I Calm because today is my birthday. Thank you so much dad.....
I worked on a project that will benefit people with disabilities.
Getting to take a long hot bath by myself.
We finished up with our schoolwork for the week and are off today!
My daughter gave me a hundred hugs and kisses last night before bed, being super snuggly and sweet.
Having a beer once I got home. It was very cold and refreshing. 
I had dinner with a lot of my cousins and other relatives.
My wife made a special dinner that I had requested.
I won concert tickets on the radio.
I was pleased with my daughter for making really good grades at school.
i go to shopping at the time i saw one blind person and i help  cross the road.
morning i go to old age home and i service also give food i enjoy the moment.
i woke up happy.
I was on a date with my girlfriend and spent the night at her place.
I was invited for my managers birthday party and i was happy as he considered me important
MY MOMS BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION SO I ENJOYED THE PARTY IN MY HOME
The moment that made me happy is I purchased a new ring for my girlfriend that moment made me happy.
Yesterday morning I got a good news that my cousin got a baby boy n I was so happy that she got a baby boy after 8years of her marriage 
I have tried different hair cut today and that style looks me fit well and may said "your hair cut is fantastic"  that moment made me happy.
I got home and the floor was cleaned, we had food in the fridge and I realized I could make small bits of money doing this.
This morning, I played with my nephew while getting ready for work.
When was the last time you stopped to do a big-picture assessment of your life and career  go to work-related events, taking a look at these priorities may tell you ... This will help you make small changes that can set you on the road to a ... changes you can make-again in the next 24 hours
i receive a package i had been expecting for a while
I bought a piece of chocolate candy that I love and ate it.
I was happy my family called to wish me a happy birthday.
An English Learner student of mine came up to me and said a complete sentence in English with confidence, and it made total grammatical sense!
happiness is the best part of my life, in fact, being happy is all we need. if you are feling happy. you'll love to let your friends and family know about. it is a wonderful feeling too, especially when you;ll realize that they are glad to see happiness and smile on your face. Maybe that's all they are looking for.
I went to my doctors and found out im having a boy and a girl in August.
I was happy today when I saw a TV that I wanted at a sale price online
Getting my Singapore residency renewed.
I talked to a friend I had not spoken with in months.
happiness is the best part of my life, in fact, being happy is all we need. if you are feling happy. you'll love to let your friends and family know about. it is a wonderful feeling too, especially when you;ll realize that they are glad to see happiness and smile on your face. Maybe that's all they are looking for.
I met my schoolmate after a long time.
I grilled a chuck eye steak for dinner, and it came out perfect & medium rare, just the way I like it.
One event that made me happy involved helping at my son's school carnival.
 Yesterday i went to shopping with my mom buying lot of  toys for my son....its create more happy and fun for me....
i had cleaned my toilet and made it neat and white.
I went to shopping with my friends, family. It is very joyful moment. I feel very happy because it is first different moment in my life. 
I came to meet my sister and attended the new month morning prayer in church. 
I made Parmesan bread bites for the first time and it was extremely similar to the ones from Dominoes and extremely quick with fast acting yeast!
i made breakfast to day
I found out I was invited to go to palm springs next week.
I was really very happy that I havent took the advantage of his mistake. Now, why Iaam happy because, I knew that Iam honest but sometime when you realise your honest self, itas a pleasure for you, itas a happiness for your soul and this happiness everyone should have in their life at least once, in whatever way it comes.
I was very happy yesterday as we all celebrated my daughters birthday at home.Many friends and relatives had gatherer to enjoy the function and we all had lots of fun
While I'm lying down on the sofa, My mother tickle me.... i was laughing.
While I am tiring on the sofa, my mother tickle me... I was laughing.
Today is my birthday. hope my birthday blossoms into lots of dreams come ture.
While I`m lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me....I was laughing.
I was struggling at college, having a hard time studying and trying to get higher grades. I had an exam yesterday. after it a friend told me aIam proud of you! your persistance despite everything you've been through is remarkable and I admire you for ita
The icing on the cake is that that boy belongs to a relatively poor and uneducated family living on my street. The very fact that he was trying to communicate with me with the little English that he had learned in school made my day.
Playing cricket with my nephew
I WENT TO MEENAKSHI AMMAN TEMPLE WITH MY FAMILY, SO I FEEL VERY HAPPY. 
I and My brother went long drive on bike yesterday after long days that makes me more happy.
A NEWS REGARDING MY SON -IN - LAW GOING TO CONTEST A WARD ELECTION AND A REPUTED PARTY IS READY TO MAKE HIM THEIR PARTY CANDIDATE MADE ME AND MY FAMILY VERY HAPPY
Had a barbecue at a friends house most of the day
i washed my car o day morning
The woman who has recently found the identity of her birth mother emailed my wife and me.  We had sent her an 18K gold pocket watch that her grand parents bought in 1950 and had engraved with their initials.  She was so moved and wept at the kindness and the reality of holding this moment.
MY BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION HELD YESTERDAY MADE ME VERY HAPPY.BECAUSE IT WAS MY FIRST BIRTHDAY WITH MY HUSBAND.IT GIVES ME A UNIQUE FEEL.
I was sitting alone at a table on the street and a friend saw me and joined me for dinner.
While I' m lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me.... i was laughing.
 I AM GOING TO MY SISTER MARRIAGE WITH MY FAMILY MEMBERS IN COIMBATORE.WE ARE VERY HAPPILY MOVING THE FUNCTION THAT EVENT IS VERY MEMORABLE MOMENT.
when I'm lying on the sofa, my mothers tickling me...i was laughing.
YESTERDAY MY FRIEND CALL FROM US. AFTER WE SPEAK MORE THAN TWO HOURS. THAT MOMENT I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
While I am laying on the sofa. My mother tickle me... I was laughing.

When I'm lying on the sofa, my mother tickle me..... I was laughing.
My girlfriend received notice that she qualifies for another scholarship.
While I'm lying on the sofa, my mother tickle me... I was laughing.
While I am lying on the sofa my mother tickle me I was laughing
When my wife got recover from their cough and cold 
My brother got into a good college abroad.
I was offered a cabin for my daily office work and i feel proud of the success The country head allotted or provided me the chair to sit in  the cabin.
Yes. Yesterday evening i met my director to plan about next weekend trip. He said please take care everything you only responsible for that trip. We should visit all of the places in that trip. So take care. Really I'm happy about this and responsibilities. He likes me that's why he given chance to take care that trip. Really happy. Thank you. 
Had a nice time yesterday evening at my friend's house. I met him after long time. A kind of weekend party with few drinks with some old memories
I am Playing with My children's during the summer vocation That moment made me happy.
I was able to have some time to myself today without any distractions.
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE HOTEL WITH MY HUSBAND. THAT MOMENT UNFORGETTABLE MOMENT IN MY LIFE.
What made me happy today is learning how to juggle more than 2 balls today. 
My amount earned total on mTurk broke 250 dollars so I'm a fourth of the way to getting my ebike.
I am Playing with My children's during the summer vocation That moment made me happy.
While i'm lying down on the sofa my mother tickle me... i was laughing.
I m very happy when i first time drive my own gifted car.
i brought a new mob today
I went to my favorite restaurant and ate a good meal.
I was really stressed out and instead of taking it out on my family I announced that I was going to go to the store to buy everyone ice cream.
I didn't get bugged by anyone for a whole entire day!
This morning i found out that I got a 98 on my accounting exam
Yesterday we celebrate my brother 28th birthday in my home down.We decorate our home very specially with lights&arrange veg&non-veg foods.My father present his 28th birthday R15 bike.we cut black forest cake,&ate some sweet items.We saw some places in our hometown with R15bike. Then we back our home.
So my daughters fight over just about anything, toys, crayons, clothes, you name it, they probably fight over it. Every now and again when I make something yummy, like cake or waffles, something sweet, my younger one, I always make her plate first or she will try to steal my older daughters food, will yell her name and take some of hers and share it. Today it was gum. I got some out and she wanted both pieces so I gave them to her with the intention of getting another piece out for my oldest and instead my younger started yelling her name and ran to her to give her the piece. It made me really happy, plus it was cute.
i went to outing with my partner.it was very happy
While I am laying on the sofa. My mother tickle me... I was laughing.
while i am lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me . i was laughing
while i am lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me . i was laughing
I checked my bank balance on my mobile app and learned there is substantially more money in my account than expected!
I completed my company project successfully today.
Watching death note anime.
I received compliment from a stranger.
i brought new cycle last night
I finally figured out a problem I had been having on a project at work. It had been keeping me from progressing for a week, so it was a huge load off to solve it.
I finished writing a lab report.  
MY HAPPINESS MOMENT IN YESTERDAY I WAS GOING TO THE TEMPLE IN CHENNAI .BECAUSE I DON,T FORGETTING THIS DAY 
I meditate for 1 hour in the morning this thing made me relaxed and happy.
My daughter finally became assertive with her pushy father; he demanded that she go fishing with him tomorrow and she told him that she would rather stay home and read. He then threatened her with extra chores if she didn't go with him. She said "So be it. I will do the chores."
I had a pleasant sleep longer than usual.

I was very happy this morning when I drank my cup of coffee.  I always get a venti white mocha from Starbucks in the morning before I begin my work and it typically lasts about 20 minutes and is absolutely delicious.
Today, I received a special incentive for successfully completing my project file and I was very happy.
A manager from a sister store told me that she remembered me because I was so kind and helpful and patient with her.
Last day, I enjoyed the event " Happy Color" with my friend  and I saw many beautiful girls 
MY HAPPINESS MOMENT  FOR YESTERDAY MY RELATIVE BIRTHDAY FUNCTION SO ,HAPPY DAY
I just began a new job that I am no qualified for yet, one of my supervisors who recommended me for it said she was very happy she did so. She also added I was picking the job up very quickly since I've had minimal training and walked into the workforce straight out of college graduation. 
I hit a royal flush in the casino.
My boyfriend called to tell me he was thinking of me and we talked for half an hour.
last night i meet my childhood friend ,that time i feel very happy and that day we are enjoy a lot.we went a movie and also dinner at restaurant.
i  got a gift from my husband. the gift was a red color watch which my husband ordered from online shopping. which makes me happy.
I went to a rodeo with my girlfriend and her roomates.  I had never been to one before and we had a great time talking and watching the events.
A student told me that I was his most favorite teacher ever.
Actually yesterday evening while i was browsing youtube. Suddenly after so many days i found a new video of my of most favourite old legendary wwe star, which made me feel very happy.
Got an offer yesterday from company i was chasing from long, so happy. 
I managed to make a sale of a large sum of money, which led me to have a very good profit.
I had a slice of chocolate overflow cake. It was delicious.
The look on my girlfriend's face when I gifted her a puppy. 
My son went to school after vacations, happily. 
 some of my relatives come home and enjoyable moments.
My husband sent me a text saying "good morning".
I am a computer professional. i was writing software program i tried in my own. But yesterday i got solution and got result for the program. I am very happy.
I purchased a modern dinning table and some chairs.
I had a really tasty snack of organic peanut butter on sourdough toast.
I got to catch up with a friend that I haven't seen in a long while.
I have a season record bet with a friend (Denver vs Knicks). It's near the end of the NBA season and I'm locked in to win (Knicks can't catch up to Denver).
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
THIS IS SEASON OF LENT AND MY DAUGHTER USE TO GIVE FOOD FOR 7 NEEDY PEOPLE EVERY WEEK NEAR THE CHURCH PREMISES AND YESTERDAY MY GRAND  DAUGHTER SIX YEARS OLD WHILE SHOPPING SHE BOUGHT SOME CHOCOLATES  AND SHE ALSO DISTRIBUTED THE SAME TO NEARBY CHILDREN AND SHE SAID THAT BY GIVING SOMETHING TO THE NEEDY ONE I SERVE TO THE LORD - THIS THOUGHT WAS NURTURED BY MY DAUGHTER MADE ME VERY VERY HAPPY BECAUSE I BROUGHT UP MY CHILDREN IN A GOOD WAY. 
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

I watched one of my favorite songs on TV last evening.
I thought we were out of cheese and really wanted a sandwich. I looked in the fridge to search for something else to eat and discovered that my husband bought a block of cheese. I enjoyed my sandwich.
I PLANNED TO CREATE A FLOWER SHOP IN MY HOME TOWN AND DEVELOP THAT INTO A BIG LEVEL NOW I HAVE FIVE SHOPS IN THE TOWN THIS IS THE BIGGEST HAPPY IN MY LIFE 
Completing a department project at work.
I brought new suit for my little son.
I got my paycheck.
I played tennis with a friend.
An event that occurred yesterday that made me happy was my son cracking his ridiculous jokes.
Long awaited foreign trip sanctioned by company where I am working 
My sister came back home after being gone for over a month to help a friend. 
I had a day off yesterday which gave me time to sleep in instead of waking up early for work. I was able to relax and not worry about any stresses in the environment. I woke up with enough energy to start the day productively. 
A friend of mine was on the verge of crying. She just threw herself at me, clutched at my clothes, and sighed with some relief as I held her tightly. I was overwhelmed she found comfort in my embrace.
happiness is the best part of my life, in fact, being happy is all we need. if you are feling happy. you'll love to let your friends and family know about. it is a wonderful feeling too, especially when you;ll realize that they are glad to see happiness and smile on your face. Maybe that's all they are looking for.
I solved a difficult puzzle.
I had a delicious multi-course meal, the best I have ever had. 
I received an order for some grilling equipment I had placed several weeks ago.
There are two types of people in the world: those who choose to be happy, and those who choose to be unhappy. Contrary to popular belief, happiness doesn't come from fame, fortune, other people, or material possessions. Rather, it comes from within. The richest person in the world could be miserable while a person living in the slums of a third world country could be happy and content.
I spread mulch on my backyard garden-bed making it look fresh and beautiful for the coming Spring.
A smile never cost anybody anything and a day seems to go better when you are surrounded by colleagues that smile and are willingly to help you anytime or just to hug you when you are not feeling ok.If all the people around us would be open minded we would all have something to gain.
my phone was not working for the past 3 days. I tried to repair due to all the contacts were saved. Finally I planned to buy one new phone, which was additional cost for me. But suddenly my phone started working. It made me so happy.
My daily help was thinking about quitting work at my place, but she had second thoughts as she got fired at another place and she will keep working at my place; that's one less thing to worry about.
I bought a new lenovo laptop today 
My sister surprised me with my favorite meal when I came home from work.
Last night my all friends arranged a surprised party for me on my birthday occasion its a happiest event for me.
My daughter took my Christmas tree down so it wouldn't be up on April Fools Day. 
i WAS GETTING BORED LAST NIGHT AND THEN ONE OF MY FRIEND CALLS ME TO COME AT HIS PLACE AND THEIR WAS ONLY HIM WITH BEER.
YESTERDAY MY BOYFRIEND CAME TO MY HOUSE AFTER A LONG TIME.THAT MOMENT MAKES ME VERY HAPPY.AND HE GAVE A ROSES THE SYMBOL OF LOVE.
I was gifted a laptop by my dad. As I came back home after playing soccer, I was presented with a laptop gift wrapped. My dad hugged me and said that I deserved this because I've been an awesome son. This made me extremely happy.
I got a gift today from a lucky coupon taken by me.
Making a 24-hour interactive video has always been one of WAFLA's dream projects. Their goal was to create an endless video that loops a series of shots in an infinite sequence. The entire video has been made with dancers whose art is a symbol for what the video is all about: happiness. Pharrell appears over the duration as though heas the metronome for the project, while a website was also designed to host the video featuring an encyclopedia of world dances and a facility that allows users to film their own contribution to the project.
The speakers I've ordered online has arrived yesterday.
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
My wife gave birth to a baby boy and this made me happy.
I went on a romantic date with my girlfriend.
When my Son called me up at work to tell me how much he loves me and misses me. 
My friend came and got me to go to a club meeting, telling me my other friends were waiting for me.
I had my cheat meal day yesterday,i had all the foods whatever i needed.I was so happy and felt very satisfied like achieved everything.
I baked the cake I planned to make. The frosting turned out perfect even though I was worried it wouldn't. 
My baby niece finally said she loves me.
I ENJOY A DAY LOT BECAUSE MY FRIEND BIRTHDAY. SURPRISED MY FRIEND AND HE ENJOYED THE LOT.
Yesterday morning my wife got heavy headache, we went to doctor just for a normal check-up for the reason being headache. As we didn't expected, doctor said that my wife is pregnant due to dehydration she is having headache. That time i felt so extremely happy. 
When my little daughter bought me biscuits at tea time.  
I found out that this March, for my first month of part time online work, I had earned enough to pay half our rent.
I went out to eat with my husband and son and the whole experience was positive.
My sister came home after a year..
My son graduated to level 2 in his gymnastics class yesterday. 
I helped my sister-in-law in looking after her child yesterday and she told that she is very much happy and thanked me. This  incident made me happy.
Today my mother cooked a new dish that she never ever tried it before she cooked it.She was working on it for about 2 hours and finally when I was hungry, the dish got ready to be served.When I ate it I felt that I was eating something from costly dish from international level restaurant.Wow,the dish was really amazing I was very happy to start the day with the new dish.
I completed a project yesterday and submitted it today
Going to have pizza with one of my new friend in college. It was fun, we spend some quality time
My girlfriend came into the room and wanted to give me a blowjob.
the colleague who been rude to me for task completion , later he called me for party to told bro i just screwed only for submission .
told a sorry and said it was management . 
I enjoyed final of my favorite reality show yesterday.
I went to the store and they actually had the ice cream they are always out of. I have been craving it for weeks so was an awesome little moment.
I worked on a project and was very proud of my work but reading that people on my team appreciated what I did really made the difference.
Today I booked a new flat for my child ! This decision was made today after a lot of homework !!
I go to my family house because it's the holidays
My son came home and told me his team won second place in their dodge ball school competition. 
My friends and family members arranged my birthday party at beach, its amazing moment in my life . I feel very happy
I took my wife to a new local restaurant, and afterward she told me she liked it! This is usually not the case. Her tastes seem to be 180 degrees the opposite of mine.
My boys were off from school today and I got to spend the entire day with them.
After being sick, I am finally back to near 100%.
I woke up about 1 hour earlier than usual this morning and started the day with Bible reading and prayer and went for a walk. I felt joy.
I finished spreading fertilizer on my lawn
I got the big discount on my internet pack and calling pack.
My wife got Government Job
convocation certificate for my son from his kids park school....just now we went for that...we both very happy
have a beer with best friend
YESTERDAY MY DAUGHTERS SISTER CAME TO MY HOME TO STAY AFTER A LONG PERIOD OF SCHOOLING, NOW ITS HER VACATION TIME AND WE ALL ARE VERY HAPPY TO HAVE HER HERE AND WE ARE ENJOYING VERY MUCH WITH HER
My girlfriend suggested we'd go hit a bar, adn we haven't been there for a long time and I really like the atmosphere there.
Happy people understand that itas better to forgive and forget than to let their negative feelings crowd out their positive feelings. Holding a grudge has a lot of detrimental effects on your wellbeing, including increased depression, anxiety, and stress. Why let anyone who has wronged you have power over you? If you let go of all your grudges, you'll gain a clear conscience and enough energy to enjoy the good things in life.
I got a promotion at my work. I am very happy
my daughter exams will be completed on 5th so we decided to visit a tour.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
It made me happy to get a compliment on the songs I had sung the night before.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I went to yoga class.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
While I am lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me. I was laughing.
When I woke up this morning before the alarm clock going off, there's some satisfaction about waking about early without the alarm clock, it makes it feel less of a chore.
My happiest moment is today as my daughter has won the first prize in the essay writing competition.
My friend came to my home.
A new season of a show I like became available on Netflix, and I didn't know it was coming.
To get the chance of watching my favorite movie.
I went to pick my younger sister from the airport and it had been 3 years since we've not met. i was so happy to meet her after so long.
In the morning when I finished my presentation for my boss and he said to me that it was excellent.
ANTON CHEKHOV'S "MY LIFE"
I am a good reader and i always used to read books from different genre. Two months ago my sister gifted my the book "My Life". But could read it only after one month, Till I read this book, I feel such a insane i am, unguided and discipline less life i living. But i can't hold a little bit of traditional things. my family and friends never agree with me and getting' insulted sometimes. The book, I see, someone can live like me and think like me, I feel it was my own life. It's not only about happiness but satisfaction to my mind. I read it several times. 
I went over several photos with a friend to decide which ones to enter into a contest and it made me happy to be with my friend and hear positive feedback about the photos.
My comic book issues I ordered came in the mail.
Finding out that my sister is coming to visit in the US made me happy.
Attended Yoga classes in the morning. Learnt Pranayama.
I had made a complaint about a product I had ordered and they sent me extra complimentary products.
I brought a new pair of headphones
I went for a journey, which I had been planning for years ,that just made me happy.
The guy who I'm interested in finally responded to my text message. I was so happy to see that he wasn't ignoring me.
I went to the club with my friends to pick up some ladies. It was funny because while my friend was trying to pick someone he got slapped but it was really fun and nice by the end of the day.
I went to a judge a barbecue cook off and got to taste a lot of good food, which last night was fajitas.
watched my favorite actor's movie
My moms friend picked my grandson up from school ontime.  
Drinking a ginger tea , that's all there is , this week hasnat been very exciting or happy , in fact itas been rather tiring and stressful but itas fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.
My boyfriend text me and said a stubbly man had kissed him and it was very spikey.
I met my friend for lunch.
I went to a massage parlor and had an hour long massage.
Bought mangoes after long time
I received free tickets to my favorite basketball team's game from a friend at work.
Started reading a good book. (A dog's purpose)
My wife kiss me today morning that make me sooo happy
Saw Ghost in the Shell.
The happiest movement in my life is i got government job
I received my salary
An event that made me happy was the birthday party for my niece, who turned 2 this past Monday. 
I purchased a pair of hockey tickets for me and my father to attend a game in which they will be celebrating fathers and daughters. 
I had a lot of work yesterday, so that meant lots of money.  
making money here I'm disabled get very little a month.my mom past we went in on everything.this helps with rent ,ulties personal needs etc my only way to surive out here and my rescources are very scarace.im just hopeing things will improve.not very much help if you are very poor/disabled.
My mother and her boyfriend came over to my house to spend time with my son and I.
Saw a lizard while on a hike. First lizard I have seen this spring. It felt like spring was really here.
yes i am very happy past 24 hours why because am i going to my own city for festival of ugadhi. all family members enjoyed.
An event that made me happy was my daughter telling me that my 4 year old grandson who took forever to potty train and still wears a diaper at night actually woke up dry two days in a row.  He told me that he got candy as a reward.  My daughter also told me that since he knew he was going to get candy for staying dry he told her he was dry when he really wasn't.
I texted with a member of the opposite sex that I am attracted to.
I set up some speaker stands and then watched a movie
I finally moved everything into my new house
One hours laughing
I Was Very Happy to see my Daughters Reaction Today Morning When We Gave Her The Most awaited Birthday Gift Of Her Choice She Was More Than Happy.
I was into running to reduce weight for the last 75 days, and today I could easily fit into a jeans pant which I had bought in the year 1999.
The day with my wife
I took my dog for a walk in the sunshine. It was good exercise that both me and my dog enjoyed.
Im happy has my boyfriend told me he would visit soon, he lives out of state
I had a nice chat with my sister today. 
Compete with friends in a karting track
I got star ranking in National service scheme and going to participate in the special event hosting by the minister.
I made my daily goal on money earned on mturk!
It was payday- I'm always happy to get my paycheck because I'm out of money by the end of the cycle.  Now I can go grocery shopping!
I ordered my favorite burrito from my favorite restaurant and it was DE-LISH!
I received my first fountain ink bottle in the post this morning, and opening the package was a nice experience - happy and exciting.
Wayanad is one of the most popular hill stations in Kerala and has a lot to offer for the visitors in terms of natural beauty in the form of hills, valleys, lakes and much more. I am sharing my recent travel experience to Wayanad.
While returning from our vacation in Ooty, we chose to drive via Gudaloor and spent a few days in Wayanad. Along with Munnar, Wayanad is considered as one of the best hill station destinations in Kerala. While going to Ooty, we drove from Kochi via Coimbatore and there was nothing much exciting in the travel other than the pleasant hills awaiting us! But the return journey was amazing. The drive from Ooty to Wayanad via Gudaloor can't be described in words. You must drive that route to enjoy the real beauty of nature in south India.

After enjoying a drive of about 4 hours through the mist and enjoying the beauty of nature to its best, we reached Lakkidy, which is considered to be the gateway of Wayanad. Lakkidi is a small town along the national highway and is located just above the Wayanad Ghat Pass (Thamarassery ghat) and is the first place after you enter in to the boundary of Wayanad.
One interesting thing I learnt during my visit to Wayanad was, there is no specific town called "Wayanad". Instead, a large area of hills, valleys, villages and towns together are called Wayanad, which is politically called as Wayanad district. While driving from Ooty to Wayanad, we were asking for directions to Wayanad and different people showed us different directions since all those places were part of Wayanad. 

During our visit, we stayed in The Wayanad Gate Hotel for a night and we really enjoyed our stay there. Read my review of Pepper Wayanad Gate Hotel and see how we liked the place. Also, check out the budget resorts in Wayanad, where you can experience a little bit of Wayanad within the property itself.
I took the day off and watched my favorite movie in bed.
The weather was wonderful today, nearly 65 degrees and sunny all day! Didn't need a jacket and I got to roll down my windows in the car.
I had a work celebration for completing a project that I worked on for 6+ months.
Purchased a Bicycle for exercising and keep my body fit.
the last day when i was very tires and at night wants to sleep my husband realized and he brought for me an ice cream that was my favorite ice cream i was very happy to saw it and all my tiredness gone.
Yesterday i went to met my uncle he served me with my favorite sweet and this made me very happy and it reminds me of my childhood memories which he used to give me whenever i use to visit him.
today morning enjoyed cool climate in front of our house with my family members
Today morning. got delivery of My new bullet bike which was my life dream. I used to take my kids roaming around the city in the new vehicle .I am enjoying this happy moment along with my family.
I had a good discussion with members of my small group and watched a thought-provoking video.
I was able to leave work early for the weekend.
I earned a new ranking in one of my favorite video games.
Yesterday evening my godson came over to visit me and we had some beers, talked and jammed a little bit with our guitars. It was very nice and I felt really happy that he took of his time to pay me a visit and share some quality time.
Went to watch movie with my friend after a long time.
I thoroughly trained my coworker on some new processes, and she thanked me graciously and also communicated her praises to my boss.
i celebrated my parents 25th anniversary and all event cost was spent by me this makes me happy
I had a pain in my arm which is a repeat of a chronic problem, I was made happy by the realization it is only intermittent, rather than constant.
today i dodged a bullet and i watched american horror story and it thrilled me and made me really happy more than anything i m just happy
Last night it made me happy when my son selflessly shared his snack with his sister.
My neighbor came over to share good news about their family.
My friend brought donuts for me while I was at work. 
The moment my daughter went and sat on the potty all by herself made me happier than ever.
yesterday i have attended one hour meditation program and now i am very happy to meditate properly
I got a new washer and dryer
My colleagues fell from chair in funny manner nothing harm.
Something very small but yet held so much meaning to me, my nephew who lives in NJ ( I live in LA) facetimed with me and showed me his "first" steps and said hi aunt manda....it made my heart smile...that he knew who I was even though we've only formally met 2-3 times.
I was given a packet of six donuts.
Last night I took my boys to the store and we just had a good time. 
Wondering if reincarnation exist. Night before last something happened that made me think of it.
When I got home from work yesterday I could see my cat sitting in the window waiting for me. I felt so loved! He is the last face I see when I leave my house and the first to greet me when I get home!
I went to see my favorite band sing songs for an hour
It made me happy that my girlfriend and I were able to leave for a beach vacation today.
I played Yahtzee, a computer game, with my husband, that's our Friday night date night.
We are going to Goa for our vacation. Tickets confirmed.
I went beer tasting with a few friends after work
A friend remembered that yesterday was a holiday called "Hug a Medievalist Day," and, because I'm a medievalist, she gave me a hug; it was a surprise to have it remembered and nice to receive a hug.
I decided to drive to a nearby mountain after work instead of going home and I went on a 3 and half hour long hike up the mountain. Just me alone with nature, I refrained from the main walking trail so I didn't even see another person the whole time.
Making dinner for my fiancee
My husband and I had a date afternoon yesterday.
I saw a Loon as I was taking my afternoon walk along the Wisconsin River. 
It was a seemingly small event. I had completed a couple of hours of studying for my pharmacy technician certification, feeling accomplished and thus happy.
I got my salary.
I got same design dress for me and my daughter
CELEBRATING A BIRTHDAY PARTY GO TO HOTEL,CINEMA AND PARK I'LL ENJOYED
I got 2 movie tickets for April month from my credit card that moment made me feel happy.
In the past 24 hrs I attended my school reunion n met all my school friends . It was a superb party n reunion u remember your old school time 
Today, I wore a new dress and that too is very nice and that fits me well and I got many good reviews from many people surrounding me and that moment made me happy.
I was at work and my co-worker told me that our boss said I was valuable to him and the store, I wasn't even scheduled when he said that.
When I took my class to lunch, they were actually well-behaved.
The large portion of your happiness that you control is determined by your habits ... It won't make you happy on its own; you have to work to make and keep ... Technology has exposed us to so much and made the world so much smaller. ... down to it, you have the same 24 hours in the day as everyone else.
my phone fell on the floor and it did not break
I found an eyeliner pencil at a store that I had been wanting to buy.
My husband took me out to dinner for my birthday.
My husband and I had a delicious dinner with my godsister whom I had not seen in a few months.
This is the happiest moment of my life. Being born here, i could never imagine this university actually existing.
I chose names for my twin boy and girl.
 I was happy today to hear from my cousin who lives in New Mexico    
When my developer told me about a product he worked on last year that already started generating revenue.
I cleaned my desk and it looked like new again.
I think it's time to be happy again.
I am happy that my child is awarded as a young scientist.
I got to leave work an hour early today.
An event that made me happy in the last 24 hours involved having a nice dinner out with my family.
2 hours before i bought apple i phone ....this is more and more happiest moment....
i had given my sister  a bag of chocolates.
Yesterday my mother birthday celebrate at beach, . I feel happy because I select that place for celebrate. 
My friend appreciated my speech in a seminar yesterday and hope I may get another chance.
I got an extra bonus from an Amazon Turk assignment/hit. 
i played in piano to day
My friend came over and we went out to the movies together.
Just the way he said it cheered me up. I couldnat stop smiling for the rest of the day!
It was a delightful day yesterday as we got to visit a far away temple early morning with our close friends and i was really happy
When i am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care."


When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cube smile and say. "Have a nice day and take care"
happy birthday, my love! I love you so very much! have a special day
When I am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me aI donat know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this mucha
Just the way he said it cheered me up. I couldnat stop smiling for the rest of the day!
Visiting my grandpa after a long time.
I WENT TO FILM MY FAMILY MEMBERS AND FAMILY FRIENDS SO I AM VERY HAPPY.
Yesterday, I went for movie with my parents that is my first enjoyment with my parents make me more happiest moment
A MEDICAL BILL WHICH I SPEND FOR TREATMENT OF MY WIFE REIMBURSED TO ME AND THAT AMOUNT CREDITED IN MY BANK ACCOUNT MADE ME HAPPY.
Had an interview this morning and moved onto the next step of the hiring process
i studied my neighbor to drive a car
My wife had a hair appointment today.  Her hair dresser had been led to faith in Christ by my wife years ago.  Her hair dresser told my wife that the Bible that my wife gave her years ago is so filled with notes in the margin that she had to get another Bible, but that one is now displayed in her home for all to see.
THE GIFT OF MY BIRTHDAY MADE ME HAPPY.NO MATTER HOW DOES THE GIFT WORTH,IT IS BECAUSE THE GIFT PRESENTED BY MY HUSBAND.
I realized I had a bit more money in my bank account than I thought.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say " Have a nice day and take care"
PAST 24 HOURS IN THE HAPPY MOMENT BECAUSE AM SEEING MY COLLEGE FRIEND RAMYA VERY ENJOYING THAT EVENT
when I am getting to go to my office. my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE HOTEL WITH MY WIFE. THAT MOMENT UNFORGETTABLE MOMENT IN MY LIFE.
When I am getting ready to go to my office. My parents send off with cute smile and say " Have a nice day and take care.

When I am getting to go to my office. My parents sent off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care".
I mailed a letter to an old friend. 
When I was getting to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say ''Have a nice day and Take care''.
When I am getting ready to go to my office my parents send off with cute smile and say Have a nice day and Take care"
When my house ready to possession with my family
My 2 month vacation started yesterday.
My reporting manager and colleagues applauded me for my performance and every one appreciated my  efforts.
Yesterday night i was watched lot of comady videos in youtube. I was enjoyed lot. Especially that vadivel and santhanam comady videos was very humour. I smiled lot. Still thinking about that comedy videos. Enjoyed very well. Moving forward daily i will watch that videos. Thank you. 
My niece has won quiz event at her school. She is at my house this morning to show her prize and I am just happy with her.
I prepared a variety of foods like snacks . My children's liked to eat that snacks very much and wished me as a good mother.
I finished re-reading a great book from my youth today. 
WHEN I AM GETTING READY TO GO TO MY OFFICE. MY PARENTS SEND OFF WITH CUTE SMILE AND SAY "HAVE A NICE DAY AND TAKE CARE".
What made me happy is teaching my nephew how to read a book . 
I finally fried an egg and flipped it without using a spatula to turn it over.
I prepared a variety of foods like snacks . My children's liked to eat that snacks very much and wished me as a good mother.
While i'm getting ready t go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
i m very happy when we go to a water park on first summer of this vacation.
i celebrate my parents wedding day yesterday
I watched a good movie with one of my favorite actors.
I was able to take my son out to buy new shoes.  I'm happy to have money to be able to do this.
I figured out how I want to finish my current crochet project.
My best friend brought me a cupcake and chipotle
MY Grand father&Grand mother came our home evening at 6.30pm.My mother prepare idli&dosai they ate dinner and drink some apple fruit juice.30 minutes they watch television CNN news.Then they went to bed taking rest. 
Oh! So our furnace is pretty old and at first it wasn't working at all and the handyman fixed it but then we noticed that it was making a really weird sound so he came back today and it turns out that it needs a new motor. After some talking with the owner of our house the decision was made to just buy us a new furnace! That made me really happy because this one has a bunch of old insulation and to be honest I am too scared to even turn it on, so soon we will have heat!
i complete my projects successfully.it was very proud my life
When I am getting ready to go to my office. My parents send with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
when i am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "  Have a nice day and Take care" 
when i am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "  Have a nice day and Take care" 
I wrote a clever tweet that was liked by a lot of people who follow me.
I purchased a new car today.
Listening to music.
The dog training paid off and my dog did not show any aggression toward other dogs on our walk.
i brought new watch to day morning
I went to eat hamburgers at my favorite burger restaurant, and it was delicious! A very nice treat
I received some money from mechanical turk.
BEFORE 7 DAYS VERY HAPPY MOMENTS,BECAUSE I FINISHED TYPE WRITING EXAM IN DISTINCTION.
I read a book at morning which was inspiring it boost my self confidence and happiness...I made me happy.
I was able to make an $800 repair on my truck by myself and it only cost me $89 in parts. 
I got extra talktime credited to my phone number by my operator.
I was very happy when my favorite basketball team, the Cleveland Cavaliers, finally won a game.
I went out for dinner with my wife and spend a leisure time with her and I am happy.
My boyfriend booked a hotel for us to stay in as an anniversary gift.
A party last night made me happy after I and my team had won medal football 
YESTERDAY I WAS GOING TO THEATER IN CHENNAI .THIS VERY HAPPY MOMENT FOR LIFE 
I received a call from a student in need and I was able to successfully address her situation and move on with our day. 
I made the trip, going and coming, in record time to and from the casino.
Today I worked with my favorite co-worker, who I hadn't seen for more than a week.
in last night me and my childhood friends celebrates a party in outside of city,that day For the first time, I felt a strong urge to kiss this little fairy child. She was so beautiful and adorable that I thanked God for the gift.
i prepared a new dish  today. my husband likes it very much. which makes me happy.
I got a good grade on a test that I had been studying hard for several days for.
My almost two-year old daughter started using the phrase "you're welcome" appropriately.
Actually Yesterday afternoon, while passing on the high way in my car, suddenly a very colorfull unique flower dropped on car, which had very much great fragrance, which made me feel very happy.
Received bonus from my company yesterday, feeling good.
I went out to walk, exercise to the park next to my pet, and I got an old friend from childhood.
I was able to watch Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, a movie I have been wanting to see for months.
When my girl made me breakfast in bed  
I resist alcohol for 4 days now.
we went beach and play some funny game.
My son explained that he was eating so much because he is a "snatcher snatcher".
When i went to purchase a new thing on the street. One of the thief tried to burgle a store from the back side. I informed to the near by people. They caught the thief. The shop was protected. 
Today I see one of my old friend and remembers some old days events.
I finished up a week-long project today.
I got to a new level in the game I like to play.
My company finally approved the travel funds for my upcoming business trip to Atlanta.
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.[3] Since the turn of the millennium, the human flourishing approach, advanced particularly by Amartya Sen has attracted increasing interest in psychological, especially prominent in the work of Martin Seligman, Ed Diener and Ruut Veenhoven, and international development and medical research in the work of Paul Anand
THIS SUMMER SEASON WE ARE FACING WATER SCARCITY AND HUMAN BEING ALONG WITH ANIMALS AND BIRDS ALONG WITH PLANTS ARE SUFFERING A LOT. AS A SMALL WAY TO HELP THE BIRDS WE KEPT SMALL POTS WITH WATER AND GRAINS ALL OVER OUR BALCONY AND THROUGHOUT THE DAY A NUMBER OF PIGEONS, CROWS AND SPARROWS  ARE COMING TO OUR BALCONY TO HAVE THE WATER AND GRAINS AND THIS MAKES ME VERY VERY HAPPY .
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.

I had a complete full night undisturbed sleep after a week.
We have been searching for homes in a particular neighborhood. Unfortunately, there are very few on the market and most seem to be out of our price range. Today, our real estate agent sent us a new listing in that neighborhood that is in our price range and has all the attributes that we are looking for in a home. We go to see it tomorrow morning.
MY BROTHER GOT A FIRST PRIZE IN INTER COLLEGE MUSICAL COMPETITION AND HE WAS HONORED BY THE MUSICAL LEGEND AND SINGER MY BROTHER WAS BIG FAN OF HIM 
The owner of the company I work for taking my husband and me out to dinner in celebration of project completion.
My wife brought fish tank along with six fishes.
I got free pizza in my marketing club.
I took a nice nap.
An event that occurred yesterday that made me happy was that my kids both earned an award today at school.
My wife's sister got good results in her degree course for her hard work
The cat was enjoying being petted while he lay on his back and he curled up and covered his face with his paw. 
The weather was warm, clear, and sunny a few days ago. I was able to ride my motorcycle throughout the streets and highway. I dont have the privilege to ride every time due to changes of seasons.
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me aI donat know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this mucha
I think it's time to be happy again.
I enjoyed a relaxing drive home from work.
It snowed today for the first time in a few months.
I assembled a wall shelving unit.
Have you ever experienced something so incomprehensible that the only words you could muster up go something like, there are simply no words to describe?a Or: Have you ever tried to name or define an object or concept and discovered that nothing in that dictionary you carry around in your skull matches? Well, thereas a word for that: ineffability.
My outdoor-living cat kissed me with a lick on the cheek for the first time after I gave him a treat. 
One of the most counterintuitive pieces of advice I found is that to make yourself feel happier, you should help others. In fact, 100 hours per year.is the optimal time we should dedicate to helping others in order to enrich our lives.As opposed to actually taking a holiday, it seems that planning a vacation or just a break from work can improve our happiness.

Long day attending meeting i was super bored, surprisingly my boss called me and took me out off office for icecream party. I was happy for the ice cream that was offered by my boss.
My son has some issues over stream selection post Grade 10 and the school was going to conduct another test for two subjects; the class teacher rang to inform us he will be tested only in one subject and he did well in the remaining subjects. That's a relief, as he worked hard and studied without distractions the past few months.
We went to  theater and watch a comedy film. 
I played with my rabbit.
Today early morning my family give me surprise gift that is byk its a great happiest moment for me.
My son learned how to ride his hover board by himself and express self pride for figuring it out. 
YESTERDAY I MY BOOS APPRECIATE ME 
TODAY I DRIVE MY CAR AND GOT LICENCE AFTER A FEW ATTEMPT.THAT MOMENT I FEEL CONFIDENT AND VERY HAPPY.
I scored a direct free kick in a soccer match against some guys from the other neighbourhood. I was practicing it in my yard for months and atlast I was able to bend it like Beckham! It was really pleasing and I was really happy.
After passing the driving test and drive the car alone first time today.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
My favorite team in the NBA won with a margin of eleven points against their rival.
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
When my mother made a surprise visit bringing with her my favourite fruit cake and marzipan.  
I found out my friend received the package I sent her a few days ago, and she said she really liked it.
I had completed a task successfully yesterday in office,my superior praised me,felt very very happy and satisfied.
My gift recipient was very, very happy with their gift. 
Had just enough money to cover my bills.
I WAS PRESENT ONE GIFT TO MY FRIEND AND SHE WAS SAW A GIFTED AND SHE JUMPED AND FEELING HAPPY.
As i shared the information to my family and friends about that i gonna be dad.. everyone wished me. That moment i was very happy. 
When my spouse cared for my needs and did all household chores knowing I was unwell. 
We have just finished paying our past-due bills and we are now up-to-date on all of our accounts.
My husband and I planted cucumber seeds in our ever growing garden together.
I have completed my work target
My husband made me dinner last night. 
my nephew asked me to get doll eyes for his project and i searched in my home and i got some beads looking like doll eyes and i gave to him . I helped him in his projects. My nephew felt much happy
After a long workout today I decided to check my body weight and I was really amazed to see that I put on some muscle and gained some weight.I felt proud of my hardwork and very happy to seem myself gain weight.
My neighbor who works abroad is back home. He gave us some sweets.
Talk to my crush.. it was totally a different experience. Adrenaline is rushing in my blood, heart pumping hard. And there i go to talk to HER
I got a good drop in my video game.
since i was in party my i got late and roommate called me in cell and told when you are coming food for is ready and said come fast .
i felt home
My best friend gave us a treat yesterday.
I got surprised by a friend who brought me lunch. I had been little down so it cheered me up.
My kids jumping on me and grabbing my legs
I was passing through the busy road and saw a dog sitting feeble at the end of the road.I felt he was sick.he couldnt walk .I bought a bun and fed him.He wagged his tail and i think he showed gratitude and I felt very very happy!
I see my best friend this morning
My cat cuddled with me this morning in bed right next to the dog and he hardly ever does that.
After four years, i met my friend at shopping place, i cannot believe this. i feel very happy to see my friend.
This question is the same as question #1. How many happy events can there in the space of just 24 hours? I believe this to be unrealistic.
My son cleaned the kitchen without being told to do so.  Apparently the beating have worked.  :-)
Now that I am feeling well, I felt well enough to go out for Chinese food for lunch.
I played a phone prank on my dad and a friend.
I felt happy and laughed.
I received an email from an old friend.
I am going to my home town to visit my parents and friends today.
Marriage of my Cousin
yesterday my son ride my bike its made me happy
win a jackpot in casino slot
YESTERDAY I HAVE DECIDED TO BUY A COW TO HELP MY CULTIVATION PURPOSES AND I TOOK THE DECISION AFTER A LONG PERIOD OF THINKING AND NOW I AM VERY MUCH HAPPY WITH THAT
My girlfriend brought me breakfast to bed, while I was still sleepy it was a pleasant and tasty surprise.
Everyone works at his own pace, so why compare yourself to others? If you think you're better than someone else, you gain an unhealthy sense of superiority. If you think someone else is better than you, you end up feeling bad about yourself. Youall be happier if you focus on your own progress and praise others on theirs.
I went on a trip with my school friends and enjoyed a lot.
so we are very anxiety to go for a trip with the family 
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO YOGA
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
It made me happy to see my cat waiting for me on the driveway when I got home from the Dance.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I went to shopping.
I WENT TO MOVIE
When I am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say Have a nice day and Take care.
When I went for a run early this morning, everything was quiet and I felt great afterwards.
My happiest moment was when my wife baked my favorite chocolate cake after breakfast.
My father gave one gift for me. 
My FitBit was lost, and I contacted customer support, and they replaced it for free!
Feel accomplished with all my task for the day.
my neighbor's dog and i became friends. 
In the afternoon, I felt hungry and I could eat an instant soup.
Get Together with My old Classmates.
Leaving senior secondary school was a great pain for me, But the time goes we forget each other. no contacts, turn into a new live. No memories. Some of them engaged with new life, some may still here killing time. after along time we met together. And this rejoining erase the years as a moment. After all we are there were belong to. There is no such happiness to be happened in my life. 
I went to a going away party for a coworker with other coworkers and was happy socializing with them.
Famous youtuber retweeted my tweet.
I don't have time work OT saturday so .adequate me extremely happy.
Cleaned my laptop of all the clutter. It is running really fast now.
I saw people taking their children out to play after so long, which is so rare these days.
I talked to my friends.
I met my old friend after such a long gap, we had such a good time together, I just had a very happy moment.
I took a really refreshing nap and my cold symptoms went away
I went bowling with my girlfriend, I don't know how but she kept getting strikes, but it was nice to talk about her and just relax while bowling.
I had a good workout, one that if felt hurt me good.
purchased a new footwear
I got several good hits on the computer.
Woke up 5:45, Meditated, cooked a healthy breakfast, worked on things I love, went to the gym, cooked a healthy dinner and slept peacefully. Repeat!
I had a really nice breakfast - coffee and a bagel after a week of porridge.
I played tennis with my son this morning.
My cousin came in the morning and got some chocolates for me to eat which we ate together
Received my salary as well the annual bonus
I was able to ride public transportation to work and home for free due to the bus change collector being broken which saved me at least 8 bucks.
Got to try some good ramen at a new ramen place in the city.
For the first time I have drive our car alone today upto 1km alone without others guidance
Spent a few hours with a woman I like a lot.
My husband kissed me
Watching the Women's Final Four basketball game between the previously unbeaten UConn Huskies and the Mississippi State Bulldogs made me cheer several times during this hotly contested overtime game.
I watched the National Women's Hockey team shut out Canada in their preliminary  game of the tournament after a lengthy equality that ended well for them. 
I cleaned out the kitchen.
being with my b/f and cooking great meals and watching good movies
My son wanted to sit in my lap and cuddle while we read books.
Having a cup of coffee. It was a long day and the kids were acting up. I was under-slept, so I made a cup of coffee, and it was so hot and soothing. It made me feel cozy.
my family members are going to exhibition very enjoyed .that movement with my kids.
My 8 year old grandson is excited about going to Benihana for my annual birthday dinner.  He loves the soup they serve and he is already trying to figure out what he wants off the menu.  We have gone every year and we always take him with us.  We always get our picture taken together, we love the memories.  It tickles me because he absolutely LOVES the soup and that is his main thing when he thinks about Benihana.
I ate some gummy bears.
My wife told me that she loves me.
I had a constructive meeting with my boss.
A dog afraiding with cat.
I Was Very Happy When My Husband Cooked My Favorite Chicken Biryani For Lunch Today It Was Very Tasty.
I repaired the audio system connected to my computer, which was not working for the last three weeks, by reading articles over the internet.
The day with my mom
I scheduled one more tour for my upcoming trip to Paris. 
Happy as it stopped raining 
I had a long and hot shower this morning which was very relaxing. 
Go out to a club to dance salsa
I won in the district level tennis tournament which was held in chennai.
My daughter cooked my son's favorite dinner. It was really nice to see him so happy. however mac n cheese and grilled cheese is a lot of cheese!
I had my taxes done and I'm getting a refund. It's a great feeling to know that the government is going to give you back some of your own money.  And now I can get a few things I've been holding off on.
I met a friend and her kids at the park.
For the first time in my life I was able to manage to study 10 hours a day and the sense of accomplishment and happiness I felt was great.
I like traveling. Iam very thankful to god because giving me a family that loves to travel. When I go for traveling with my family, there are a lot of interesting place that we visit. Between traveling at bigger city and go traveling at Island, I will choose the Island to travel. I donat like travel at bigger city because it was so noisy and a lot of pollution. Enough for me to live and always trapped in the traffic jam especially when Iam go back home to my own town Johor Bharu. My parent will take us to go for traveling especially when school holiday is coming. A wonderful holiday that I still remember until now is when my family and I went to Tioman Island when school holiday. That was the first time and first experience I went to Tioman Island. We stayed at Tioman Resort about three days. About seven o'clock early in the morning, we took a car to go to Jeti Mersing from Kota Tinggi. Around nine in the morning, we arrived at Jeti Mersing and my father parked his car at there. We take a bot at ten o'clock. Our journey from Jetty Mersing to Tioman Island is about one hour and thirty minute. Along travel to Tioman Island by bot, I saw many interesting scenery like a lot of monkey when our bot is near to the near Island and the water was very clean and clear blue in colour. Iam the one who was very excited to arrived at Tioman Island. At twelve noon, we safely arrived at Tioman Island. I was very excited. The scenery was very amazing with the birds flying anywhere just like to welcome us. It is so fascinating to be there. When we went out from the bot, have a car exactly like when we see when people playing a golf was waiting for us to take us to the resort. Along in the car, we found a lot of monkey was climbed the trees. The driver also looked very friendly and love to tell us about Tiomal Island. 


I cooked and ate my favorite breakfast, uninterrupted.
I won a game of Magic the Gathering online, and that doesn't happen too often!
I got to eat fries with melted cheese on them.
Purchased a New Television for watching TV programs in home.
in the morning my sister call me and surprised me that she are coming at my house with his family. I love my sister and she always come with many gifts for me and my family.
Yesterday i took my spouse to our favorite resturant and we had dinner and i was very happy because it was a very long time i took out her for shopping and dinner together.
designed attractive cover image with my cousin to improve our company google plus profile views
My son's result was announced. He got good marks and scored 1st rank in his class. Since I used to teach him in the evenings , his achievements are like my achievements and I used to convey this message to all my kith and kins with full of joy and happy.
I was able to get everything marked off my to-do list.
I got a new character in a game that I was playing that I needed.
I ate my favorite sandwich from Which Wich.
Yesterday afternoon I went to the doctor to check an ear problem that I was having. It turned out that my ear was blocked and it was all swollen and irritated inside. I was in some pain and the doctor helped me resolve the issue. I felt quite relieved and happy that it wasn't anything serious and that it was able to be fixed quite quickly.
I had my favourite ice cream and i enjoyed it a lot.
I taught my youngest dog a new trick (shake).
i helped an blind woman while crossing the road it makes me feel proud and happy
I realized that Friday is our pizza night, and the happiness continued into supper.
today i dodged a bullet and i watched american horror story and it thrilled me and made me really happy more than anything i m just happy
Yesterday going to the beach and spending the day there made me feel happy.
I went to the grocery store and was able to find a product I've been looking for for a long time.
A customer placed a huge order with me, so I'll be making a nice bonus for March.
When I found out that my grocery store was going to do super double coupons this weekend made me happy.
Yesterday i went to new car launch program and i was very happy to see the new model of the car and specifications and my mind is telling to buy this car soon.
I at a great hamburger 
Playing with my 3 years old son makes me happy.
We stayed in together as a family on a nice rainy night and watched a Diary Of a Wimpy kids movie marathon while making homemade smores.
I finally arrived home after a long bus journey
Work was fun, with a lot of joking and laughing. 
Going to the store to get something to eat for my new friend that rolled up on the scene looking for a friend. She crossed the on ramp all by herself and she's a kind little giant.
My cat has a cat toy that has small bells in it. I love to throw it down the hallway and watch him go after it. yesterday we played and he tried to jump over the arm of the couch, but he missed and hit his head on the couch arm. I laughed so hard I just about wet my pants. 
I found 2 subway tokens on the ground.
I was excited to run into an old friend that I hadn't seen in a while while grocery shopping.
I worked on my house project with my husband, we are adding on to our kitchen so it's always a wonderful thing for us to go out and work on the project in the evenings.
My son won a gold medal for spell bee competition.
I watched a few episodes of love with my wife
I successfully bench-pressed 60 pounds, which felt like a huge leap forward in weight training. 
 I found out that I'm being accepted into the Ph.D. program for my major at the school I wanted to attend. I was just about crying at my desk because of how happy I was feeling.
Going for a run in the nice weather
I was able to go get groceries last night and the store wasn't busy.
I used my Vitality card at Wal-Mart it saved me $1.00 on groceries. 
I managed to get an hour work out in, which usually happens 2-3 times a week so I was happy that it was yesterday.
I met some high school friends.
I composed a new song and i am happy
ENJOYED WITH MY FRIENDS IN MY HOME AND GETTING FUN MOMENTS
I went to market today morning and I found some amount on the roadside and I took that amount and that moment made me happy.
In the past 24 hrs I went out for lunch with my family and had a great time with them .
Today evening we are planning for a movie and tickets also confirmed and that moment makes me feels happy.
I made fresh chocolate chip cookies, from scratch. They turned out perfect and I had milk.
I had tacos for dinner with my family and didn't have to cook.
time spent with friends and family makes a big difference to how happy we feel, generally. ... It's fascinating what a small change in temperature can do. .... So if you thought being old would make you miserable, rest assured that it's likely ...
i found my old sim card that i thought i lost.
I sat on my porch tonight for a bit because the weather was so pleasantly cool and nice.
My kids bought me an outfit for my birthday.
I sat in the sun in complete silence during my work break today.
my dog name is lakshi. today is my pet birthday. lakshi is so cute our hair is so nice and soft. today, i and my lakshi is so happy.....
I got to spend time with my husband.
 I was happy today and it was raining and I could stay home and clean my apartment 
I trade bitcoins and it is slowly going up again.
I went for a calming walk outside on a nice day.
I Calm because today is my birthday. Thank you mom
My husband prepared my favourite dish yesterday.
The weather cooled down today and instead of being sweltering as expected, it's been pleasant since sundown.
An event that made me happy in the last 24 hours involved getting a good grade on a school paper.
i went to orphanage and met lot of poor children then playing with them making lot of joy and happy...
i had planted a tree in my yard.
My friends were come to my home for meet me. After four years,  I met my friends so happy to see all. 
I bought some things in online offer and got 15% cashback.
Half of my order from Jet.com arrived today so I was able to enjoy some items and by next week I will have the rest and I saved money by dividing it into two shipments. 
i changed my bike yesterday
My dog woke me up in the morning with kisses, she was happy and it made me happy.
The icing on the cake is that that boy belongs to a relatively poor and uneducated family living on my street. The very fact that he was trying to communicate with me with the little English that he had learned in school made my day.
I enjoyed playing badminton event yesterday with many participants across the city and i was very happy to have got second place ion that event
When i came to my office. I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
When I am came to my office, I me my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
This is the happiest moment of my life. Being born here, i could never imagine this university actually existing.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
Drinking a ginger tea , thatas all there is , this week hasn't been very exciting or happy , in fact itas been rather tiring and stressful but itas fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.
I was really very happy that I havent took the advantage of his mistake. Now, why Iaam happy because, I knew that Iam honest but sometime when you realise your honest self, itas a pleasure for you, itas a happiness for your soul and this happiness everyone should have in their life at least once, in whatever way it comes.
smile on face of a beggar when I offered him sandwhich
MY SON'S BIRTH DAY FUNCTION. SO, WE ARE ALL GO TO HOTEL.
While getting ready to office i met my school day friend and we both share more things about our school days and remember lot of happiness.
A SONG AND DANCE BY MY GRAND SON MADE ME HAPPY.
Cleaned the house an finished weekly chores
i got a leave today from my office
I picked up the hair brush that we have for our young cats.  One came to me immediately and I brushed him.  The sound of that brushing attracted the other cat to come to me also and I brushed him.
YESTERDAY WE WENT RESTAURANT WITH ALL MY FAMILY MEMBERS WITHOUT MISSING OUT ANYONE.IT WAS A UNFORGETTABLE MOMENT.SUCH A GREAT TIME THAT I SPEND ANYMORE. 
when I went back to bed after breakfast.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
I AM WENT TO FIVE STAR HOTEL WITH MY CLOSE FRIENDS.WE ARE ORDER VARIETY ITEM OF MENU CARDS THAT EVENT IS VERY BEST MOMENT IN THE PAST 24 HOURS
when i came to my office. I met my grandpa and grandma.
YESTERDAY I SAW MY OLD FRIEND AFTER LONG TIME AND ALSO DISCUSS ABOUT OUR FAMILY DETAILS. THAT MOMENT I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
When I am came to my office. I me my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
I had a great yoga session this evening. 
When I came to my office, I met my grandma. They shared me about my uncle 's summer vocation trip and bleesed me to get a bright future in my life.
When I am come to my office I me my grandpa and grandma, hey shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blesses me to get a bright future in my life.
When my friend meet me today with expensive gift for me
Visited an amusement park as my vacation started.
My fiance was also present and it made me feel even better.
Yesterday afternoon My friend Christopher and me went garden to purchase some plants for indoor garden. Yes we both purchased rose flower plant. After that reached home me and my friend started to give water it to that plants. Plants growing very superb. Especially my plant is growing very nice. I'm very happy about this. Very nice. I will buy that rose plant again. Thank you. 
I found my ULIP papers which I thought I had lost last week and was about to start processing to get new one.  I found it this morning while cleaning my racks.
We  are planned to go kerala  duing the summer vocation. When my husband showed the bus booking ticket's , my children's gets extremely happy that moments made me happy.
My fiance came home from work and we got to spend some time together watching TV before she fell asleep.
WHEN I CAME TO MY OFFICE, I MET MY GRANDPA AND GRANDMA. THEY SHARED ME ABOUT MY UNCLE'S SUMMER VOCATION TRIP AND BLESSED ME TO GET A BRIGHT FUTURE IN MY LIFE.
What made me happy is finding a person to workout with .
Made it to the store to buy a carton of smokes before the new tax hit raising the price by 20 dollars.
We  are planned to go kerala  duing the summer vocation. When my husband showed the bus booking ticket's , my children's gets extremely happy that moments made me happy.
When i care to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to set a bright future in my life.
I m very happy when i know that my project is approved by my boss .
i brought new dresses  to my parents
I talked to an old friend of mine over the phone.
the season finale of Grimm was on and I was really excited to watch it
I organized my "catch-all" basket on my desk.
I finally went to work out this afternoon
Yesterday my best friend sister marriage.Our friends gave a special gift for marriage function.We attend the marriage function and took some foods.We spend 2 hour in marriage hall.We back their home.
This one is pretty minuscule, we had to go to the laundromat today and obviously I had all three of my kids with me, my 5 year old, my 2 year old and my 5 month old. Last time we had to go they were all butts, my 5 month old wanted to scream the whole time and my two girls were all over the place. Today they were basically perfect, my 5 month old stayed content in his car seat with his toys and I tried to make it more fun for my girls so after getting the clothes in the dryer we went and got drinks and they just sat patiently waiting with minimal outbursts. It was nice to get laundry done in some peace and I really appreciated the fact that some part of them realized that this needed to get done. 
we are go to shopping it was very happy
When I am came to my office, I me my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.

when i came to my office, i met my grandpa and grandma. they shared me about my brother summer vocation trip and wished me to get a bright future in my life too.
when i came to my office, i met my grandpa and grandma. they shared me about my brother summer vocation trip and wished me to get a bright future in my life too.
I learned I lost a bit of weight when I weighed myself this morning.
I went outing with my family and eat some delicious food.
Playing counter strike with friends.
I found a new walking path in my neighborhood to walk on.
i went to meet my old friends today morning
My wife rented Indiana Jones for me so we could cuddle and watch it together
I find out I have a good room draw number for dorm selection the upcoming semester.  
BEFORE YESTERDAY I WAS GOING TO CHENNAI.BECAUSE VERY SURPRIZED IN GIFT IN MY FRIENDS.
I met my girlfriend at evening and we had nice coffee together. This made me happy.
I was able to paint two rooms in my house today and get that job behind me.
My sister was awarded best employer in her company. I felt happy and proud.
I was very happy to return home after a long day's work at the office.
Today, I received my order purchase of my new mobile and I am very happy.
I received an award at work.
The event "Heneiken with footballs " made me very happy. I could play football with hot girls
BEFORE 7 DAYS I VERY HAPPINESS , BECAUSE I WAS MEETING BEST FRIENDS.
I was given the opportunity to take a written exam for a new government job. 
I celebrated the win with my girlfriend.
I had dinner with a former co-worker.
On the day that my sister came in to the world was one of the happiest days of my life." Please, tell us why there is ON before the day? Shouldn't it be just "The day ...... was one of my happiest days of my life"
today my husband promised me to buy a new good saree for me. which makes me happy.
I played in my backyard with my dog and my girlfriend.
My daughter pet a live bunny for the first time today and tried to feed it a stuffed carrot.
When i got up today suddenly a charming glow was there on my face after many days, because i had great sound sleep in the night, which made me really very very happy.
My friends gave me a surprise birthday party yesterdays, feeling very happy.
I went out to eat burgers next to my family, since it was start of the weekend, they were very delicious.
When I surprised my brother with a dslr camera on his birthday. 
I made a craft from waste CD.
I read a funny book in it  many laughing jokes.
I had a tickle fight with my kids.
Yesterday i invested in share market. I fixed low bound and high bound to avoid loss. When i reached maximum range. I stop. I gained very good amount. I was very happy.
One of my friend shared a funny video and I see it.
I made a simple little manifestation altar to bring in good fortune.
I went shopping with my parents for stuff needed around the house.
I found a great deal for a hand vacuum on even had a $10 off coupon to make the deal even sweeter.
Nowadays, happiness is a fuzzy concept and can mean many different things to many people. Part of the challenge of a science of happiness is to identify different concepts of happiness, and where applicable, split them into their components. Related concepts are well-being, quality of life and flourishing. At least one author defines happiness as contentment.[6] Some commentators focus on the difference between the hedonistic tradition of seeking pleasant and avoiding unpleasant experiences, and the eudaimonic tradition of living life in a full and deeply satisfying way.
YESTERDAY WHILE SHOPPING IN A NEARBY STORE I REALIZED MY PURSE IS MISSING BUT THE OWNER OF THE STORE WHO HAS FAITH IN ME ALLOWED TO GO BACK HOME WITH THE THINGS I PURCHASED AND TOLD ME TO CLEAR THE BILL LATER AND WITHIN HALF AN HOUR I WENT BACK AND DID THE PAYMENT. HERE THE TRUST AND FAITH THAT THE OWNER HAD WITH ME FEELS ME VERY GREAT AND THIS IS THE MOST HAPPIEST MOMENT. 
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

Spent last evening with my family instead of following my daily routine of evening
I work as a talent buyer for a music venue. Today an act that I have been bidding on confirmed. It was a tough negotiation. I'm relieved and happy as it will likely be a sell-out show.
YESTERDAY I SAW A WONDERFUL LOVE MOVIE IT WAS FULL OF LOVE AND FEELING .EVERY MOMENTS AND SONGS ALWAYS COME INTO MY HEART AND CHANCE LESS FEELINGS ON THE WHOLE DAY  
Post celebration dinner canoodling with my husband.
My son hug me today morning.
I finish my project, for one of my classes.
I made a nice dinner.
An event that occurred yesterday that made me happy was having sex with my wife yesterday evening.
I decided to marry another girl with the permission of my wife 
My sister and I went out for coffee to celebrate her being back home. 
I was able to see my friend for the first time in 2mths. We ate, talk, and played video games which was great to keep in touch of them
Woke up 5:45, Meditated, cooked a healthy breakfast, worked on things I love, went to the gym, cooked a healthy dinner and slept peacefully.
This is the happiest moment of my life. Being born here, i could never imagine this university actually existing.
My wife told me a dumb joke that in a way that only she could.
I got to spend time with family and relax all evening. 
I adopted a cat.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
My back skin condition (folliculitis) is starting to show signs of clearing up with the antibiotics.
Staying in touch with friends and family is one of the top five regrets of the dying 7. If you want more evidence that itas beneficial for you, Iave found some research that proves it can make you happier right now.Social time is highly valuable when it comes to improving our happiness, even for introverts. Several studies have found that time spent with friends and family makes a big difference to how happy we feel, generally.
while traveling back from office. I surprisingly meet my ex girl friend. it was the happiest moment as i was wishing to meet her from a very long time.
I managed to find time for my balcony garden which is blooming despite the harsh and hot weather here. The blooms and tending to my plants make me happy.
My friend Nisha's husband came from abroad and she give some gifts to me.
I watched a cute tv show.
Me and my girlfriend walking in garden and accidentally she kiss on my lips its a happiest moment for me.
A person in front of me paid for my drink at the drive thru. 
GOT MY SALARY
MY SISTER WAS PREGNANT AFTER 2 YEARS OF MARRIED OF LIFE.MY WHOLE FAMILY WAS SO HAPPY AND WE ARE READY TO INVITE OUR NEW LITTLE CHILD IN TO OUR FAMILY.
I was presented with a dinner of special 'biryani' made by my parents. It is my best dish and I couldn't resist staring at it for long I just gobbled it all and thanked my parents for a wonderful day. Out of all the things in the world, biryani makes me the happiest. It was wonderful.
My company team wins the football match.
There are two types of people in the world: those who choose to be happy, and those who choose to be unhappy. Contrary to popular belief, happiness does not come from fame, fortune, other people, or material possessions. Rather, it comes from within. The richest person in the world could be miserable while a person living in the slums of a third world country could be happy and content. I have spent plenty of time amongst both groups to have seen it first hand. Happy people are happy because they make themselves happy.
One of my friends from Japan called to visit me this week.
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
I got the news of my promotion to a higher post.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
When a good friend called up to apologise over a misunderstanding we had. 
I bought a panini with tomato, cheese and egg on it as a late breakfast/early lunch and it tasted really good.
I talked to my childhood friend after long time,felt very excited and happy,had a past memory of childhood.
I ordered an item I needed. I received free shipping on my items.
Had a Video Chat with my sister
I ENJOY A DAY LOT BECAUSE MY FRIEND BIRTHDAY. SURPRISED MY FRIEND AND HE ENJOYED THE LOT.
Yesterday i received the salary from my office, unlike all months this time i got incentives and performance bonus. Hope you know money make happy a man. Keeping that i can buy a new things for my family. 
When my spouse woke me up with a kiss in the morning. 
We finally found a nicer place to move to where we will have more space for less rent.
My son and I played a video game together and laughed about my clumsy usage.
I love the food I made in the morning
I got all the dishes in the house washed after our dishwasher broke. 
My father love chappathi and onion gravy . I prepared those for him yesterday . He told that those receipes are nice. I feel very much happy.
I was walking past a clothing shop and was surprised to see a huge discount.I rushed to the store and bought myself a pair of t-shirts and trousers very cheap rate.I was very lucky and happy to avail the offer.
Today a beautiful bird was seen on my corridor.
Finally talk to parents after an long gap.. it feels great.. blessed.. period..
I made a meal and it came out tasting delicious.
house owner came with a plumber and repaired the sink and tap in now it working fine. now washing going good.
Purchased a bike yesterday with a great discount.
Got a free pizza from domino's due to points earned, saved me 15 dollars and I didn't have to cook.
My gardner bought me some rare plants which I planted in my garden.And this made me feel very happy !
My favorite artist reveal his album (Jamiroquai)
I ate an ice cream sundae that I had bought from the store with neapolitan ice cream, nuts and m&m's.
We were go to theatre with my friends, it is very happy. 
This question is the same as question #1. How many happy events can there in the space of just 24 hours? I believe this to be unrealistic.
I cooked dinner for my husband and my boys.  For most wives, this is a normal thing, for me it is a rare event.  He usually does the cooking and I wanted to surprise him.
I got two sodas from the vending machine today when I only paid for one.  I gave one to a co-worker.
I controlled my Internet addiction a little by not going online before 19 am today. This gave me some joy.
I ate an Italian sub sandwich.
I got massage pack of 2 week for free.
I will started a Bussiness
After getting convocation from school,we gave a treat to our son yesterday...that made me happy
watching new release of samsung galaxy s8
YAHOOO, YESTERDAY I SAW TWO PUMPKIN STARTED TO GROW IN MY FIELD, I DONT KNOW HOW MUCH HAPPY I AM NOW.
I checked my phone and there was a message that i got my month's pay, which was slightly higher than expected.
Happy people rarely keep clutter around the house because they know that extra belongings weigh them down and make them feel overwhelmed and stressed out. Some studies have concluded that Europeans are a lot happier than Americans are, which is interesting because they live in smaller homes, drive simpler cars, and own fewer items.
I got a gift from my friend without any reason.
My brother returned to home after a long time after completing his semester exams.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO BROWSING CENTER
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO MOVIE
It made me happy to hear that marijuana is legal in South Africa.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I went to dance class.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about me uncle's summer vacation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
Landing a huge long-term deal with a client for my private business company.
I went out with my family for a dinner after a very long time to my favorite restaurant that made me really happy.
I went to shopping along with my family members.
I confirmed plans to spend the weekend with someone I really enjoy seeing.
To see the purpose of all my hard work.
i had ordered a pair of sneakers from amazon and it just arrived a few hours back, and it looks better than i had expected.
At night, A friend give a chocolate cake that his mom prepared. It was delicious.
Meet My Love
She was my childhood love, we were never supposed to be separated. But the time never stuck for me. she were married and i move to next place, But my memories getting fade. then i don't want to see her again or i can't face to her. unfortunately at met her in my one of my friend's  house with two babies. Unlike I felt, i was so happy by see her with her children. I just feel a bitter happiness. 
I watched a migrating flock of a variety of colorful birds flyingggggg through my yard on a beautiful morning.
I thought I lost my keys and found them in my jean's pocket.
Since I don't have to work I get to watch my niece and nephews for a few hours. This made me happy.
watched movie with spouse in the afternoon yesterday.
Hearing the songs I love back to back on radio.
I am reading a fascinating novel.
 I got graduated from the best college and it was a dream come true moment.
I got to relax to myself in my room and watched my favorite show
I went to the park with my family, we all went to the park and played some basketball together. It was early in the morning and I had a really good time.
I got paid for work I did.
went to the pub for the first time
I met my new home nurse and she was very pleasant and dedicated.
The happiest moment in the last 24 hours was when I reunited with my best mate, Luke, and took 2 Polaroid photos before he headed back to London.
I completed a bodypump workout that I found too difficult last week.
I worked in the garden with my plants.
My mom cooked some delicious rice for me with curd.
went out for get together with my friends and had a great time after long time
I started receiving parts in the mail for a computer I am putting together as my first ever free lance job, I think I had a big grin for each part I got today. 
Spring break started.
My sister's child call me uncle today that made me excited and I buy for him a dairy milk friends pack.. So he is also happy...
Popped a really annoying pimple.
The food cooked was delicious 
Just two days ago, I found a 20 dollar bill in the back pocket of an old pair of jeans that were in the clothes hamper. 
I discovered I had more coffee than I previously thought and was excited to know that I didn't have to purchase any today since i am attempting to save money when I can. 
My youngest said Sing It Mom for the first time.
speding time with my kitty .she is a amazing cat I'm so glad we found her.she loves playing with us and we take great care of here.
I ate my favorite dessert, chocolate peanut butter ice cream.
Watching Mystery Science Theater 3000 (Deathstalker episode). It felt so nostalgic watching a 90's show poking fun at an 80's high fantasy movie. It was the best of both worlds and a good way to wind down after a hard day.
All family members are going to picnic  .we are enjoyed that movement .our childs are very enjoyed.
My husband made me happy by getting my my favorite drink from Starbucks for my birthday.  He made a special trip and also stopped to get me a birthday cake.  He is so attentive to me and makes me feel so special.  I'm so thankful for his love for me.  We are coming up on 40 years of marriage this August.
I bought some pants online.
My son smiled at me and held my face.
I enjoyed drinks after work with my colleagues.
A begger loves a lady.
I Was Very Happy Watching My Favorite Comedy  Show This Afternoon I Was Dying Laughing all the time. 
I was walking on the street doing some grocery shopping and I gave a glass of fresh and chilled watermelon juice to a poor and thirsty man on the road. 
The day with my pet
I ate some delicious pizza for dinner.
Im happy that its the weekend and I get to do the things I want to do. 
The bacon and eggs I made today were delicious. 
Go to a Chinese restaurant with my family
I prepared chicken soup in my home and had it.The soup was so tasty.
I got a bonus at work! Job came in on time and under budget!
I went to McDonalds.  I haven't had a lot of food in the house this week, but since I got paid I decided to hit the drive through and get some unhealthy good stuff.  It made me happy because I enjoyed it.
I found a perfect lunch bag online that I had been looking for.
I saw a dog outside my class today who was lying peacefully, looking at the people passing by which made me happy.
Finally literary finally GOA plan is successful.. one thing i observed that when you strive for something you get it.. 3 yrs back there was project pressure and i dropped the plan at end time..this time also situation was the same but i decided to go and i went.

 Dona Paula Beach, Mira-mar beach, baga, calangute, Anjuna, Vagator beach, Aguada Fort, Chapora Fort, St. Cathedral Church, Church of St. Francis of Assisis, Basilica of bom jesus Church. Mangeshi temple and finally Gapanati pule. Awesome trip.
We started on 25th night.. i reach Mulund at 10:15 p.m. and we started at 11:30, Mark waited for 3 hrs in office ...Mark was waiting but Vaibhavs 15 mins was not ready to end :P. at around 12 Mark join us.. after around 9 month i visited Patni ..we were very hungry.. we had diner at Shree krishna restaurant ( My Patni friends will remember it..).
As per plan we catch Pune-Kohlapur highway... its really very good road to travel.. then thru Amboli ghat headed towards Panjim ... at around 12:30 PM on Republic day, we reach to Dona Paula Beach.. there we got very good accommodation at comparatively cheap rate

The Basilica of Bom Jesus is the most august and famous of all the churches in Old Goa. It contains the relics of St.Framcis Xavier, Patron saint of Goa, Apostle of the Indies. The construction of the church began on the 24th November 1594 AD. It is built of black laterite stone. The relics of St Francis Xavier were kept in this chapel from 1623-55 AD. The Blessed Sacrament was earlier kept on the main altar under the statue of St Ignatius and now is preserved in a gold tabernacle. The body of St. Francis Xavier was brought here from the College of St Paul after his canonization in 1624 AD. It was shifted to its present location in 1655 AD. The crystal urn was made in the Casa Brandizzi at Rome and was brought to Goa on January 30th 1955. The old wooden coffin with its three keys is now kept in the museum at the Professed House of the Jesuits
From there we headed towards Aguada Fort but it was very dark that we could not able to see the site.
Then we went to Baga beach .. to search our second accommodation.. which again eat a lot of time.. around 1 and half hour.. and we were late and tired and had to drop pub and disk plan..:(
Then we had our diner at Baga beach ... its an awesome experience to have diner at seashore ...( we had veg though :( Vaibhav remember 120 and mine 240 :P ) At around 12 AM we finished our most lavish & expensive diner ...and went back to take rest coz we want to get ready for water sports next morning
I received the financial aid award letter for my daughter's college indicating that she received a 75% grant covering all costs.
Reddit is running their April Fools event for the year and it's a really fun one! Lots of communities are working together on a large pixel painting canvas.
One of my friend passed away, and although this made me very sad it also showed how many people really cared about him as they shared fond memories of time with him.
Purchased a New Washing Machine for washing clothes.
last night i was tired dont want to work in Mturk but at mid night i woke and just work  2 hours and make handsome amount of money it make me very happy.
yesterday i went to my friend house and i had lunch with him and i was very happy and surprised because they had prepared food with my favorite dish fish and i ate very happily because it had very good taste. and it reminds me of my mother cooking.
bought two mobile phones for one mobile phone price using offer on our street. it is festival time so we got that two camera mobile and took selfie using that phone front camera
Received a mail from my office congratulating me saying that  I got an increment along with promotion which made me really happy. Being a middle class family the increment will be very helpful to meet most of my needs. I am really very happy on this message.
I saw the excitement in my son when he won a prize in a local contest.
I got all my chores done for the weekend early.
I took my car to get detailed and it came out looking and smelling great!
I watched a movie with my wife last night that was quite good. We shared a relaxing end-of-the-week moment eating homemade popcorn laying on the couch. It was very nice. I felt happy and peaceful.
I played carrom with my 3 year old son and we had so much of fun.
My husband experimented with a new recipe for dinner and it was delicious.
atlast i completed reading a novel of my favorite series it feel me happy
I installed the Libby app on my iPad, successfully logged on to my local library, downloaded a short story, and read it.
today i dodged a bullet and i watched american horror story and it thrilled me and made me really happy more than anything i m just happy
Fishing at the beach yesterday made me feel happy.
I made sweet potato pies for my family and friends.
I woke up with my dog kissing my face.
Our apartment complex fed all residents lunch yesterday and it made me feel like they appreciate us being here.
Yesterday i went to my friends birthday party and i was very happy that i met all of my old friends and we ate variety of foods and enjoyed a lot.
I found GOD
Meeting with my school old friend make me very happy to remember old days.
My husband surprised us all ( we are a family of gamers) and he bought a new xbox one so now we have 2 and all of us can play online, in the same game at the same time. It was a wonderful surprise.
I found some music I liked on spotify
Seeing my husband on his lunch break always makes me happy. 
At the beginning of last month my doggie past of 7 years and i'm still sad and almost 4 weeks later a beautiful pit (dog) comes from nowhere at night time, walks up up to me wagging her tail. Oh yes i was very alert at the moment but she was just saying hello :). Within a few minutes i put my guard down and gave her some food n water, then more food and more food :). I have an fenced in yard so i put her in the gate and let her roam around and get acquainted with her new surroundings. She's playful and happy from what i see and very smart. She know how to sit on command and she likes playing with stuff. Though i'm not really over my other doggie and think i never will. Is it possible that she is the same spirit coming back to visit me? I dont know but it feels good to have her around :).
When Thomas, my cat, get sleepy and is ready for bed he climbs up in my lap and goes to sleep. I love it because he feels so comfortable around me to trust me to hold him while he sleeps. And there is another more precious that a napping cat. 
My daughter was student of the week!
Getting to see my elderly dog excitedly playing on the beach like a puppy made me happy.
I was able to take care of my grandson, he's almost three years old and so full of life.
Medical reports suspected one of my relative having myeloma. Further investigations showed only it is a starting stage and can be cured.
I had dinner with my wife and daughter
A favorite song came on the radio as I was starting a long drive, and it made the start to my commute a happy one.
My 5 year old son has autism, and social interactions with strangers make him scream. Doctor visits are the worst. Yesterday he let the nurse take his vitals for the first time ever, didn't cry once, and even did head nan with the doctor. I am so happy.
Leaving work at the end of the day, heading home and to a nice weekend
My favorite ladies basketball team won their game last night.
Being home on a Friday night and using my massager to relax my muscles after work and grocery shopping.
My sister, brother-in-law, niece and nephew came to stay for the weekend.
I started a new job today, so that was cool
My mom did my laundry for me.
I got to see my 2 dogs after they were away for 2 days.
I was teaching a client to snowboard and he told me it was his "best April Fool's Day ever" because he was so happy with how well he performed.
My daughter had her last dance class today and we decided to have her try a tumbling course too. It was amazing. She had so much fun and seeing her happy, well, obviously makes me happy too!
I went to Wendy's and got a big delicious meal to bring home to eat.
I went and got my hair colored, blown out, and trimmed.
We got to take our twin 3-year olds to Disney Springs for the first time, and it made me happy to see them have fun.
Watching my two boys smile during their t-ball practice.
Today, I went on a nice walk at a local hiking trail with my roommate, and saw several very nice dogs and a falcon.
I met up with a good friend this morning, and we had a nice chat.
I got to go pick up the crampons I ordered from REI today.
Last night at 10 pm when my husband got the notice of cancellation of a midnight job. He had already worked the entire day and hadn't slept so I was worried about him having to drive an hour into work and back home tired. I was very happy when he got the email stating that the job was canceled. 
My boyfriend did the dishes today so that I didn't have to.
I was able to find enough work on Mturk on a Friday night.
I watched a fantastic soccer game between Liverpool and Everton.
I got to see my French Lop rabbit and play with him and give him banana.
My grandchildren came to visit me.
I got off of work early today
I fixed a plumbing problem on my own. I felt proud afterward.
Waking up later than normal and relaxing in the living room while watching TV.
I had a great run. Got some good exercising
My niece called me to ask me to go with her wedding dress shopping.
The weather was perfect today for me to go out into my woods and cut trees
I got to time time from my very busy day and breastfeed my daughter. 
My son got to play in a big soccer game after being sidelined for a week from medical problems.
today we went to a nature beach, and my son was walking through this trail, he freaked out when he didn't see me behind him.
I made more money today than I have in the past several weeks.
I did a challenging new yoga routine. 
Last night I attended a large party/fundraiser for the school district I work for.
My son called to catch up.
I had my first cup of coffee since 2 months ago, which was delicious and it warmed me right up, and made me feel full of life so I was very happy, and I'm still happy. 
My favorite hockey team (the montreal canadiens) is playing and I'm attending the game
There was a pimple in my face that kept me bothering for a week.But when I woke up today and saw for it,it was gone .I was very happy that I got rid of that from my face.
I finished all my laundry - finally!
I visited my 2 granddaughters after work at my mother's house. I only got to see them for about a half hour before their father picked them up to go home.  
I was finally able to sleep in this morning after not being able to for the last few weeks.
Made myself a great breakfast....enjoyed it more than usual...it came out "picture-perfect"....
My granddaughter called me to tell me that she got engaged to the "love of her life."  I was so happy for her because this past year has been a very difficult one for her.
Today my two year old nephew and one year old niece came over to visit.  My niece climbed up to my lap (she's a very busy girl) and layed her head on my chest to snuggle.  It was the sweetest thing in the world.  Later in the day, I went to visit them at their house with bunny rabbit head bands.  My nephew engaged me in a conversation about things we did and didn't like.  
My 5 year old daughter wanted to tuck her doll in my bed last night.  She did it the exact same way how I tuck her into bed at night.
For the first time all week, I had an amazing night sleep Friday and I woke up feeling great.
Playing World of Warcraft.
I was watching my child dance to the theme song of his favorite cartoon the way he laughed and just jiggled was just too amusing
My boyfriend and I were laying in bed. We were doing our own thing on our phone - separately. All of a sudden, he turns and pulls me in close for a hug and caresses my head.
When my girlfriend came home late at night yesterday.  I had not seen her all day and when she walked in the door, it made me very happy to see her face again.
I got accepted into the HVAC technology course at nan.
I slept in today until around noon. 
I was happy when a sports team that I like won.
Actually got up the motivation to go jogging this morning.
I felt happy when I made plans with a new friend to go to the shooting range.
I made homemade pizza and it tasted delicious when I thought it would be awful.
My daughter rolled over for the first time last night.  
I was happy last night when my cat came inside.  
Today they just released a season 2 teaser trailer for one of my favorite shows, Wynonna Earp. It got me very excited!
I went to a carnival that came into town and got ice cream.
I played a harmless, but successful and entertaining, April Fools' Day prank on my friend.
My husband made me pancakes this morning while I got to stay in bed and sleep in a little longer.
My partner took me to brunch for my birthday.
I watched my son perform in the school play.
A close relative was released from the ICU today and I felt extremely happy to receive the news.
It made me happy to go to McDonalds for a few hours with my sister, mom and nephew before she returned home to Florida 
Watching a basketball game with friends at a local bar. 
I went to a car show, and I got to see a lot of fancy cars.
I son arrived home from college for the weekend.
Getting to see my cats after being away from them for several days.
I bought a bunch of suits on the internet for my husband to wear when we go on vacation.  
Last night my brother give me birthday surprise party its a happiest event for me.
My husband took 1/2 a day off work so he has a longer weekend off to spend with our daughter and me. 
the well good best all tha would in part of the sentence that describes which house it is is the last half, hai thiess well  that's well good life in good 
I found a childhood game and played it for a couple hours.
I tried a new brand of snack chips that a friend recommended to me and loved them!
I have owned my favorite horse for 12 years today!
The college basketball team I was rooting for won their game.
I took a 5 mile bike ride.
I was happy to be able to see my grandma on her birthday.
Human life is the collection of some important events. Of those events, some events are forgotten but some other events are so important and heart touching that can not be forgotten and remain fresh in the mind. My first day school is one of those events which will remain ever fresh in my heart. I was then 6 years old. One day my mother told me that I was going to start my school the next day. I was very excited. I couldnat think of anything else. I was always thinking about the school, the teachers, and the students of the school. I couldnat even sleep at night. The next morning my mother woke me up early in the morning. I had a bath and put on my best clothes. Having breakfast we started walking towards the school. After half an hour we reached the school.  I saw many students on the school campus. Some were playing and some were talking to each other. But I did not know any one. So, I got little nervous. My mother took me to the headmaster's room. He asked me some questions. As I could answer them all, he became pleased. He called in a teacher and send me to my class with her. I was admitted to class one. The class teacher and the student receive me heartily. Though I was little nervous, soon I became easy. I will remember the day as long as I live.
Eating a delicious brunch at a restaurant with my partner and a group of friends.
I was happy when my package came in the mail
I attended a live performance of an electronic music artist I really like, as part of my boyfriend's birthday celebration. We were dancing by some amazingly fun people and the show was done really well.
it made me happy when i get to spend time with my family
Today I drove past a man mowing his yard and I caught a nice whiff of the scent of freshly mowed grass. 
My fiance and I took a trip to the grocery store and on the way back, I was able to vent to him an issue that's been weighing me down and he actually paid attention to what I had to say.
My daughter asked me to color with her.  
Watching a WWE event on the WWE network 
Put a down payment on a Nintendo Switch.  Should be here next week.
I went shopping with my oldest daughter.
I bought some good fried chicken.
Spending time with my little one today made me happy and pleased.
I had a special breakfast with my baby.
Mississippi State beat University of Connecticut in the NCAA women's tournament on Friday night.  
I went to a fashion show fundraiser luncheon today with some friends.
No longer feeling sick after being sick for nearly a week.
The sun was shinning all day ( we are getting very bad storms here tomorrow night) and I was able to spend most of the day outside playing my kids and the dog.
I ate a yummy steak dinner.
I felt happy when my cat cuddled up in my lap and fell asleep while I was reading.
I am happy that I'm under 195 pounds now!
I went out with coworkers for a drink after a meeting, and it was one of the first times I've felt included while working at my job.
I fixed my car with my father to help.
I was able to take my dog to a dog park today after not having time to do it for so long.
My 9 month old son kept hiding his face underneath a blanket and laughing when he pulled it down.
My teenage son got most of his homework done today which means he can relax tomorrow. 
My husband bought chocolate for me today and that made me happy. 
I played some counterstrike with some friends online 
I took my last antibiotic prescription pill a few hours ago, I had surgery for appendicitis Monday before last.
I went to church and had a really big role in the liturgy process and it went a lot better than expected for my first time. 
My daughter picked me wildflowers before she left to spend the night with her friend.
Earlier today I was able to reach legend in a online card game I was playing.
My baby said mama understanding what she was saying and that made me ecstatic.
Today I took a hike with my dogs through the woods by my house.
I saw my boyfriend.
found out I was accepted to UNCW.
I was able to finish reading a book that I have been reading for the past month.
My husband went with me to the park today. He had been gone for the past two days and my kids had been horrible. He had worked all night but he still went with me to spend time with me and the kids.
I was at an art show, and one of the artists had put out Girl Scout Cookies so I ate a Samoa - the first I have eaten in several years.  
What made me happy was eating a grilled cheese and fries at lunch today.
I took a long bike ride to visit my girlfriend at work!
I received my direct deposit pay check.
I was happy when I found out my brake problem in my van was not as serious as I thought.
My ex wife came to help me out in a crisis. It made me happy because i can see she still cares for me in a positive sense and i greatly appreciate her kind gesture.
Yes. Yesterday night i watched my favourite actress Hansika motwani video songs. She is really sexy and beautiful. I feel very happy and enjoyed lot. Today also i will watch her songs and movies. Really i like her so much. I love to watch her movies. I'm big fan of her. I feel very happy about her. Love you hansika. 
I went on a peaceful train ride to chilis and ate lunch with my boyfriend we held hands and took a walk together.  It was simple but fun.  I enjoyed myself, we did not argue we just enjoyed the day.
I finally designed a wedding dress for my brother's marriage.
I ate my favorite meal pizza for lunch.
I was able to watch my three boys play together in the gym at our church.
had breakfast with my wife, something that only happen when holiday
I saw this HIT and I have been enjoying doing them so it made me happy.
I got a lot of yard work done.
My Granddaughter is a major part of my happy moments. This morning we had so much fun making Easter Bunny pancakes with strawberries, blue berries.
My wife put a special snack in the glove-box of the car for me to find and eat.
We had a company with lunch at work today!
Me and my daughter saw two men trying to load a trailer into the back of a truck. We were laughing and it was so fun for us to be together and laugh at something.
I found ten dollars in my laundry machine.
After years of fighting to refinance our home, local housing values went up and we qualify for refinancing!
Being able to watch the Final Four with no distractions at all!
I received word that a large software sales contract was signed by the customer whom I had been working with for the past year.
I was able to leave work early yesterday and take the dogs to the park.
I reorganized my living room. I cleaned my desk, dusted all the picture frames, and threw out some clutter.
I found a couple of really cute dresses for the spring and summer at a thrift store for very reasonable prices.
I found im going to be aunt first time.
At the lunch, when I playing with my nephew with the food.
My daughter sat with me on the couch after her nap for a little while.
Last evening i attended my collage mate marriage reception. met all my class mates who attended the function. we had a good time, fun and laugh. we planned to meet in the future .
I took a bunch of clothes to a homeless shelter and helped pass them out.
I got paid a lot at work because I did more work than I thought I could do. 
My baby has been sick for 2 days and not sleeping well at all, which means I'm not sleeping either.  Tonight he was so worn out that he went right to sleep.  This made me happy because I needed a break and a few minutes to do some work.
The cafe I go to had Ethiopian coffee beans for sale. This made me happy as it's my favourite coffee and I recently spent time in Ethiopia and it reminded me of that good time. I was happy to get the beans, and I'm still happy as I'm going to make a cup of coffee with them once I finish this. 
I made my sister fool on April 1 by telling a big lie.
We went to dinner and I ordered pancakes, which I had been craving. My happy moment was when the pancakes arrived.
My husband mowed the yard today.  
I was on a date with my girlfriend and spent the night at her place.
I am making progress at work, and finished my training.
My mom and dad saying they loved me and supported me via telephone. It was the only bright spot these past 24 hours.
I had time in my day to take my mother out shopping for groceries and to spend time with her.
I finished the Fool's Run 10K in 46:45 this morning.
My kids went ice skating for the first time and although they fell down and were crying they got back up again and did great. They are three and five years old so I expected them to be too scared too try it but they both made me really proud by being so brave.
While my younger son explain that what he did on yesterday with his friends, before his hair cut. They told him to change his hair style completely, but he refuse and replied to them on funny way.
I buy a new T-Shirt.
My oldest dog peacefully passed away, kinda sad that's she's gone but at the same time happy that she passed away without pain.
I watched a TV program that I've wanted to watch for a while.
My son born and I got an excitement of foreign tour
Yesterday i went to Housewarming party and i was very happy to see the design and structure is modern and creative.
Very often people donat remember their day-by-day routine, but if something unusual or extra
ordinary happens. It can be memorable and remarkablefor the rest of their lives.
For me, such remarkable event was the light show of dancing fountains. I saw this show for the
first time when I was 10 years old. Since that time I saw shows like that several times, but the
feelings of the very first time are still in my haert and they are unforgettable.
The show had to start during sunset, and since it was arranged on the bank of the rive on a hot
summer day everything around bacame pink. Trees, river, air, people around -everything was
painted with a tender pink colour. That day was extremely hot but in the evening the air turned to
be fresh and clean. The blowing breeze was very pleasant. The show was delayed. At first we
were nervous about that, but now I understand that it was planned ahead and we were really
lucky to see the sunset. Very soon it became darker and at last the show started.
The show was accompanied by modern music and the fountains really danced and people
danced too. Everybody was so excited!
Something that made me happy in the last twenty four hours was a date I went on.  I met this man via online dating, which I feel meh about and am jaded, and for once he actually looked like his picture and he seemed genuine.  I hadn't met a new person, let alone gone on a date with someone in a long time.  This made me happy as I have been depressed and connecting with another person lifted my spirits.  We went hiking on a trail with my puppy and my date was very patient with some of my puppy's spastic behavior.  This made me happy as he held my dog and was very gentle with him which means a lot since my dog is a rescue dog and can get scared easily.
I had a guest tell me that I am an excellent tour guide at work.
My daughter who is pregnant, came home for 3 days.  
I was able to meet with some friends and enjoy a meal with good conversation.
I found a really unique and delicate plant at a store and bought it (I'm really into plants)
Bought a new used car today and got rid of my old one.
We closed the loop on two sales at work. Seeing the sale finalize created a big spike of excitement. 
Earlier I felt happy seeing my kids playing and laughing with each other.
My daughter just started to read, and today I loved it when she tried her best to pronounce my name 
My 12 year old offered to take the toddler to the park so that I could get things done. 
Today, I went to play cricket with my friends after a long time and I was happy.
I tried a new restaurant for brunch with a friend and had a delicious plate of chicken and waffles.
My husband took a day off yesterday afternoon so we could spend time alone together. 
I was sent photos of my daughter having a wonderful time on her class trip, her first time out of the country and away from us.
i had a great dinner with a friend
I visited the website of the resort where my best friend will get married in a few months.
I pulled an April fools joke on my leadership with my girlfriend pretending that we'd just gotten engaged.  They fell for it!
My fiance had her bridal shower and I helped her by moving all of her gifts from the venue to our house.
I was able to help my girlfriend and her parents with fixing up her grandfather's house.
I took a hot shower after not showering for a week.
I went to wine bar with my friend and had a smooth conversation about the latest movie.
I had a nice walk in a local park.
I watched a home movie of my niece singing that was taken when she was younger.
My kids played an april fools day prank on me first thing this morning so we started our day laughing. 
I ran into my friend Judy at a local restaurant and had a conversation with her.
Going to a store(IKEA) this morning and finding exactly what I was looking for (wardrobe) and it was on sale, it also fit perfectly in the car,
I found a feed store for my horse that has reasonable prices.
I watched one of the new Dave Chappelle stand-up comedy specials on Netflix.
My son has had a serious wound on his heel for the past nine months, and he was told at the wound clinic that it is finally starting to close.  This was a wound that had him at risk for amputation.
My coworkers surprised me with a cake for my birthday yesterday.  They had the cake in our staff lounge when I got to work in the morning, and everyone was able to have a piece of it when they were taking their lunch break.  It made me really happy that they remembered my birthday.
I just met a relative of my family after a very long time.
I had a nice dinner with my wife at chilis.
I was happy today when my Wife surprised me with me with my favorite chocolate from my hometown that I haven't had in several years.
I found out that I was definitely going to be able to see my best friend who lives abroad next month, for the first time in years.
I Felt very happy when i found out that my favorite tv show just came out with a new season.
The thing that made me happy in the last 24 hours was when I saw, on Craigslist, that there was a curb alert for household items and furniture.  My daughter and I went immediately and found two desks were available.  We got them into our car and brought them home.  I had been looking for furnishings for my house, but I have no money.  We really needed desks and now we have them.
my 2 year old gave me a big hug and said daddy.
I told my neighbor about a homemade dog treat that I had discovered online that my dog loves. She was very interested because her dog hasn't been eating good and she was running out of ideas. I gave her some of the treats that I had made and she said that her dog loved them. I was happy to be able to help her.
I took a look at my checking account online and saw that my federal tax refund was deposited into my account.
My friend came over.
I was able to spend time with my family doing outdoor activities.
worked out in our much-neglected garden for the first time in months
I watched a Jackie Chan movie and it was hilarious.
I kissed a cute guy!
I played in a basketball tournament today and my team won both of our games.
I met my former professor and some former colleagues at a local beach and watched the fireworks with them in a spectacular show.
I brought my cat to the vet and found out that she is going to be o.k.  
A stranger said I had nice eyes as I walked down the street.
I got a cheese and bacon pizza.
I woke up this morning to my daughter laughing at the April fools joke I set up for her.
Having an absolutely delicious burger and fries from Five Guys for lunch today.  Love that I could customize my burger with free toppings, and the hand cut fries were so tasty today.  This was only the second time I've ever had Five Guys, but I will surely be looking to return in the future.  
To Day my son Birthday.
My friends came over to visit me today.
Yesterday I had a coffee with a friend who was almost a year without seeing. We caught up with many issues, enjoyed a relaxed morning, with a splendid climate and excellent coffee
 I was able to donate time and money to a charity in my town.
I went to my friend's baby shower today. I haven't seen her in quite a few months, and it was a super happy occasion. There were so many people that attended, and I got to see some old co-workers that I haven't seen in over a year. It was great to catch up with everyone.
I was out running and it started to rain on me lightly, which was thrilling because I love to run in the rain.
I had anxiety that when I came into work I would have a bunch of extra work to do and when I got there it was all done and I had a great night. 
Went to my favorite actor's movie
Lately I have been betting on sports in an online sports betting account.  I have been doing decently well lately and last night while in bed, I placed a bet on the Golden State warriors to beat the Houston Rockets by 9.  I also bought the line down by 1/2 a point, so as long as the Warriors won by 9 I would win my bet, and it was a larger bet than I normally make.  This morning when I woke up the first thing I did was check my phone, and was delighted to see the Warriors had won by exactly 9 points.  It made me feel great to not only win the bet, but to win because I bought that extra 1/2 point and it made me feel pretty savvy.  
Today at work, I sold a big ticket item in which I will receive a commission, it made me happy to know I have what it takes to make a big sale.
I played soccer with my youngest son today.
 Yesterday, was a good day and it made me very happy. Not only was it a Friday, but we also closed out and monitoring. The monitoring was successful, and we passed with flying colors. 
i went to the movies with my boyfriend few hours ago, I was happy with him, we had a good time
Waking up next to my significant other made me happy today
I ate two chicken sandwiches for dinner
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
I went in a birthday party of my friend and enjoyed a lot.
Well, it may not seem like a big event, but yesterday was Friday and that always makes me happy.
 Let's see, the first thing I can think of that has made me happy in the last 24 hours was getting to leave work early yesterday. 
purchased a laptop for myself
I saw dramatic changes in my physique from working out hard and sticking to a strict diet. 
I had some Cadbury's chocolate mini-eggs. 
Yesterday was a holiday in my work, I had a great off day parties out in the town.
My elder brother passed his secondary in the early of 2017 and repeatedly tried to get admitted to a university, especially the public university. So, immediately after appearing at the higher secondary level exam, my brother started taking preparations for the university admission. The boy always wanted to be with his friends and never stayed home at the day times.
I baked an awesome ice cream cake for the very first time.
when i land hard tricks in skateboarding and all my friends cheer me that the happiest feeling for me
Planting flowers in my garden
My son hit the game winning base hit tonight in the baseball game.  The game was tied 3-3 in the bottom of the 4th (final inning in his league)
I opened my bank account and I saw I was paid! 
I walked a 5K today in under an hour with my husband.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was when my wife surprised me at work during my lunch hour.
We arrived in San Diego to see my longterm best friend and her kids.
Saw members of my extended family I hadn't seen in years.
We are closing the store that I own and we had a big sale today. We sold a lot of merchandise and that made me happy.
Finally beating a level i was stuck on a game was pretty nice and made me feel elated.
My youngest daughter has been suffering from the flu for almost a week and today she woke up without a fever for the first time.
My favorite lacrosse team won the game that I went to tonight. It was close and exciting. I wasn't expecting them to win to be honest because the other team had a far better record.
I went to a birthday benefit for one of my best friends. It was following a time period when he was in recovering from an accident he had on his motorcycle. He went into a coma and almost died from the accident, but he has been recovering and getting better as time goes on. When he walked in on this benefit, not knowing about it, and saw more than 50 of us there waiting for him, he was in tears with what he saw, and it did make me so happy to have him see that this many people cared about him.
Rick and Morty S3 E1 came out and it's fantastic.
My son wore a new outfit today that I did not think he would fit into. He looked really cute in it and I took lots of pictures of him in it because he is 11 months old and I take pictures of everything he does. He makes me really happy. 
the weekend is here and i was able to sleep in.
I finally had a cheeseburger after a long time. 
I went shopping in my new car, after not having a car for 3 months, and I found the perfect cordless phone to replace mine.
MY LAPTOP  KEY  BOARD WAS  NOT WORKING FOR MANY MONTHS. I PUT THAT LAPTOP INTO THE LAPTOP SERVICE CENTER, THEY ADVISED ME TO CHANGE THE KEY PAD. ACCORDING TO THEIR ADVISE WE ARE READY TO CHANGE THE KEYPAD.  BUT BEFORE CHANGING THE KEY PAD I REQUESTED  THE SERVICE BOY TO CHECK MY  KEYBOARD ONCE AGAIN. ACCORDING TO IT THEY CHECKED IT ONCE AGAIN AND PRESSED THE KEYS FORCEFULLY. AT THAT TIME MY KEYS IN MY LAPTOP STARTS WORKING, WITHOUT CHANGING THE THE KEY PAD. NOW ITS FUNCTIONING VERY SMOOTHLY. WHICH MAKES ME VERY VERY HAPPY.
I watched my son play with my friend's children.
when i am palying game with my friends then i feel very very happy from another days . because meat my friends a long time  so we play games. and feel very happy us.
I met my five year old grandson and his Mama for the first time!
I meet with a friend to had a coffee together and she gave me great news about her being pregnant. 
I went to my favorite Japanese restaurant.  I love sushi.
The most recent thing that made me happy was watching my favorite hockey team win a big game. 
I made over $1,000 in the stock market.
I went to a Flea Market and found a great side table.
I got on the scale and saw that I have lost 7 pounds.
When i was start early morning walking that time i got some one purse, then i decide handed over to police station.
At the timing the missed person find out his purse then i handed over him self. He said a big thank to me. I feel early morning i did good thing my soul feel very happy. The whole day gone as great for me.
I was happy when I was coloring in my coloring book with markers. 
i felt happy today because a do not work on saturdays.
I went for a long walk with a couple friends.
I got to sleep in until almost 9 this morning.  We have a 4 year old who wakes us up by saying the sun is up.  He slept in. YAY! 
This morning my wife and I went out to breakfast at a special restaurant. We don't normally go out to eat so it made me extremely happy to just spend quality time with her talking and catching up on life. It made me happy to just slow down and spend time with her.
I was so happy when my younger son squeaked out a third place medal in his teams wrestling tournament.
One of my best students was accepted to university.
I made up with my girlfriend after a fight we had earlier in the week.
My daughter in law got job in a prestigious organisation 
I had breakfast with a friend that I hadn't seen in a long time. We'd been planning it forever and it finally happened today.
I talked with my sister after a long time , after her marriage.
I went  to the gym to train and my trainer complimented me.
it was an awesome day yesterday we friends went to beach with fishing rods and net and captured fish with the help of three persons there , it was really enjoyable
Holding my baby niece.
My daughter took her first step, We were eagerly waiting as other kids of her age was already walking.
I was happy that I helped my niece type faster 
I've watched the movie "Moana" and it made me feel like following my dreams no matter what.
I got to go see Beauty and the Beast and it was good.
My Toilet doar lock opened in train.
Successfully making a burrito for the first time.
my elder daughter birth day
I was working at a restaurant as a server and I happened to wait on a semi famous personality and I was given a 100% tip, very generous.
I can remember many happy events of my life and out of those, I would like to talk about the event that I can still remember vividly regarding my success in the board exam. The moment I heard that I had been awarded a scholarship based on my performance in the board exam, I became the happiest man in the world. This was indeed a very happy moment for me as it is something I was looking forward to achieving and the news made my parents quite happy and proud. 
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
Today Early morning I received a message from my sister's house , saying that my sister gave birth to a girl baby after 12 years of her marriage. I am very happy to hear the birth of this precious baby
The icing on the cake is that that boy belongs to a relatively poor and uneducated family living on my street. The very fact that he was trying to communicate with me with the little English that he had learned in school made my day.
I was really very happy that I havent took the advantage of his mistake. Now, why Iaam happy because, I knew that Iam honest but sometime when you realise your honest self, itas a pleasure for you, itas a happiness for your soul and this happiness everyone should have in their life at least once, in whatever way it comes.
I made a quesadilla for my girlfriend after she got off of work. 
Tonight we went to our kids school carnival and played games and ate snow cones together!
I bought a new ball for my 2 year old daughter
I got straight As on my report card. 
I participated in way of the cross at my Parish church and that made me happy.
I planned for praise and worship practice.
The sun was shining for the first time in a long time. 
Yesterday, I had taken my son for a Doctor's appointment which they said would include some shots.  I was happy when the Doctor told me that there were no shots at this age.
I had a long walk downtown with my dog.
I ate black raspberry ice cream with rainbow sprinkles while watching one of my favorite tv shows, Orange is the New Black. 
My Mom posted some pictures of my nieces and nephews.
I got a rare player in nba live mobile.
About three hours ago, my college basketball team just won and are now in the finals. I'm thrill that they made it again. Since last year they also made it to the finals but lost. This is going to be their redemption. 
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

I ate some good pizza
My youngest daughter turned 14 and we celebrating with a cake and some gifts.
While I am lying down on the sofa. My mother tickle me. I was laughing.
I m very happy when i meet to my brother-in law, who currently go for study in India.
my mom told me she's going away for a week.
One of the ba's, admittedly a COUGAR met on POF told me how much she wanted to be with Big Dad!
I got my new car delivered to me
A daughter is the happy memories of the past, the joyful moments of the present, and the hope and promise of the future.
It's easy to impress me. I don't need a fancy party to be happy. Just good friends, good food, and good laughs. I'm happy. I'm satisfied. I'm content
Yesterday morning I went for a walk n I met my old school teachers n it was so nice meeting them after a long time 
Today I have learned my first lesson of four wheel  driving.
I am happy that I received some promising news regarding finances.
I was able to go out of town and go see my family who I have not seen in a long time.
When my friend meet to me after many days and we have enjoyed with them
I go to the ocean to calm doen, to reconnect with the creator, to just to be happy.

A daughter is the happy memories of the past, the joyful moments of the present, and the hope and promise of the future.
Watched a movie I've been wanting to see for a while.
I spent time with several family members and friends celebrating a birthday.
My family went out for a family fun night of bowling and games.
My boyfriend brought me food after a long day at work. 
Ordered a New LED TV after struggling with the old CRT TV. Very happy and interesting to buy and the happiness is lasting and will last until we get delivery of the product.
Today I got to meet with people from my community who were interested in combatting domestic violence.
Working on this HIT makes me happy. It's a good paying hit for not a lot of work.
I was getting read to put my daughter to bed and she came in my office and said, "I love you mommy. Snuggles?"
Ordered some Chinese food from a local place I really like.
I was having a rough morning and went I went to my tutoring session the tutor noticed and went above and beyond his job expectations to ensure that I was having a better day. 
Joe Rogan made me laugh.
Actually yesterday night when i was changing tv channels, suddenly i found a cartoon channel where my most liked tom and jeery episode was playing after many days, which made me really very happy.
i made mutton biriyani to day
I was happy because I ate sub sandwiches, which I don't do a lot.
I ate home cooked food
My best friend and I went to happy hour to de-stress. 
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
Talking to my husband about our future together.
i went to temple
Happy I will be returning to work tomorrow after a mixed weekend. 
I woke up before my alarm went off
I Went to Hotel.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I went to computer class.
 I WENT TO TEMPLE
 
 
I am very happy because I have learned much about many things.

I WENT TO TEMPLE
My daughter had her first piano competition, she played her pieces without mistakes, I was very proud and happy.
I WENT TO COLLEGE.
I went to church and they conducted a game and i won a prize and it made me happy
Yesterday we prepared biriyani like Chinese hotel. 
I was able to connect two of my friends so that they could help each other with a task.
I won a hundred bucks on a scratch off lottery ticket.
I done vehicle Wheeling in Pulsar 220
a long lonely drive with my bike made me feel happy and comfortable.
I watched Bollywood Movie "Dangal" with my friends last evening and after movie I felt very happy after watching inspirational fight and  the message  that it sends to audience.
One event in the past 24 hours that made me happy was that I had a free schedule for my Saturday and got to sleep in until later in the morning than I normally sleep.
I got to watch my favorite show This Is us on hulu.
I went to a restaurant with my friends and had creamy chicken sandwich.  
I talked to an old friend on the phone and caught up on things with her.
I won a raffle at a fundraiser.
I don't have any big happy events, just low level, stuff that probably means something only to me.  I don't often feel excitement either good or bed.  Today I felt a tiny bit of excitement.  I took a previous version of this hit a day or 2 ago.  In that version, one event was that I *finally* ordered my new server (computer).  Today the case arrived.  I was about to go downstairs for lunch when I saw the mailman pull up.  Even though the case is useless to me without all the other components, it made the fact that I finally ordered the new system, something I put off for the past year or 2, a reality.  Like I said, it's a small thing that only matters to me.
I was very happy to learn that my friend had received my crafting project I sent her and really liked what I had made for her.
I was happy when I saw my cat make his bed on top of a plastic bag.
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
My wife gave birth to a baby boy and this made me happy.
I went on a romantic date with my girlfriend.
There's always a moment when you start to fall out of love, whether it's with a person or an idea or a cause, even if it's one you only narrate to yourself years after the event: a tiny thing, a wrong word, a false note, which means that things can never be quite the same again.
While driving from office to home.
WAS TALKING TO MY BUDDIES ABOUT PAGANISM AND THEOLOGY.
close co-worker was bitten by a dog
i brought new bike yesterday
My boyfriend brought a puppy home yesterday and it was just what we needed.
One of my husband's groomsmen came visiting after 3 years. 
I played video games.
I went out to dinner with ten cousins tonight. I have not see some of them in over ten years.
I went to a birthday party for a friend.
We all went to watch Beauty and the Beast to theater. 
A good friend of mine came by to visit with me and my wife.
My family and i had a great time having lunch at BareBurger.
I went to a short road trip with my friends and we had a lot of fun.
This morning, I received an email saying that my research project on diabetes has been approved.
My desktop computer is very old, I purchased a new desktop computer.
My sister sent me a big bag of Dried Mangoes a few hours ago and they're just about gone. They are fat free, delicious, AND healthy? What more one can ask for.
I read a very interesting novel.
The first moment I can think of is how happy I felt when I was able to finish my college project and submit it before the deadline.
My best friend sent me a funny video via text message.
i made very good money taking my uber passengers around tonight for the couple hours that i did it.
The day with my husband
I succeed in making digital frame at home 
It was yesterday when my closest friend got his promotion at our workplace... He got a well deserved increase in his position... This gave me immense happiness as he is my closest friend and I longed to see him at an elevated position like he got yesterday...
After a long work week, I finally relaxed at home with my wife with dinner and a movie (Office Christmas Party).
I made an incredible meat free stir fry last night.  It was really delicious.  I put tempeh in it, which I had never used.  It has more texture then tofu, which is too mushy for my palate.  
My friend shared a funny video to me.
Some relative come home and there is very joyful moments.
Recently I published a Research article In Scopus. As that was my first achievement, I felt very happy and it made me realize how the research has to be done. I as a student gained much knowledge by publishing the research journal.
I went shopping and found/purchased a beautiful new dress that fits me perfectly and came at a reasonable price.
I re-seeded my lawn, raked the seed in, then watered the lawn.  I'm done with the lawn for now.
I went to the zoo yesterday with my husband. I love animals so I was very happy to see so many of the animals that I love.
We won our office cricket tournament and I did a good job in one game.
I have achieved my target yesterday before the deadline, feeling very happy.
I purchased a variety and costly rose plant last week and it will give a colorful flower today.
I met my friend in railway station and spoke with her for 20 minutes.
Today is my parent's wedding anniversary we celebrate it.
I was incredibly happy to get the mail and discover that my new faux fur throw had arrived and that it was exactly what I had been wanting. 
This morning, I received a phone call from my fiance. He is currently on a business trip and I haven't talked to him in several days. He called just to check up on me and told me he missed me. This simple phone call made my day.
I went on a date with my girlfriend; we went out on the town and had a great time.
hang out with old friends
My lovable brother came to my home early morning, surprised.
A trip to kanyakumari beach along with my family was the most enjoyable moment of my life. It was also so special because that journey was made on our newly brought car. I saw the happiest faces of my 9 year's old kid and wife, which fill color in my life forever.
When I was able to buy Kpop Concert ticket for my sister.
I woke up with a stiff neck this afternoon and I was given a box of heating pads which immediately gave me relief and allowed me to enjoy the rest of my day with almost no pain.
It stopped raining outside so I was able to go out.
I visited my parents back in my hometown
i was happy because i bought bag for my mom and she felt happy for that. By seeing her face i got very happy
I am totally happy for my best friends who make me special for them.
Bought mangoes after an year
I went to film with my wife and enjoyed a lot 
When I met my one year old nephew for the first time.
I went for a walk in the sunny weather.
I found a penny in the parking lot at work going to my car and I feel someone in heaven is looking down on me, pennies from heaven kind of a thing.
A friend returned the money he borrowed.
Ate mango for first time in this season today. I love mangoes and today I ate mangoes with my family. My brought them for us.
Got a call from son in the morning. Talked about his plan for upcoming holidays. Decided to go on vacations together.
My boyfriend made a joke and offered to come help me run some errands. That made me smile because he knows I don't need help but I would love his company.
I went to a kid's birthday party and I made a new (adult!) friend.
Open the newly delivered amazon package
Yesterday, I took a HIT about helping to test a curriculum of humanistic psychology for high schoolers. What a cool and positive idea!
(Warning this one is 18+ comment) I got really happy when my boyfriend wanted to have sex.
the event was my mom had gave me a brand new iphone 7 and i was very very happy
Night out with two of my best friends made me very happy.
When our relatives came from Slovenia to visit us. Was fun seeing them after almost 3 years.
One of my biggest dreams was to buy a bike. Today i bought a new bike.
My parents called and invited me over for dinner Sunday night.
I had my very first full bottle of Whisky, It was a dare by my friends and I succeed without puking after 2 hours
I had dinner with my girlfriend.
When I woke up I went to the bathroom and I took a big poop, it made me feel great.
i visit my sisters home to day
I had party with my old roommates yesterday evening, we had very nice weekend that made me happy.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
I found out I will be getting a settlement check from a class action lawsuit. It might not be very large, but I was happy to know I would be getting something.
I was able to spend some time with just my husband away from our children.
i joined a  new job  in March  ,and got my first paycheck , which is quite substantial  , was a great feeling.
I hung out with my mother and chatted about life.
One event that made me happy in the past 24 hours, is witnessing a fireworks show from my balcony. The sight of the fireworks caused me to feel appreciation for living in the city I am currently in.
I won a local poker tournament. 
Yesterday i went to my sister house and she prepared me very good lunch and i was very happy because the lunch was prepared with our traditional dishes and i was very happy to eat it.
I bought a bottle of wine and drank some whilst cooking dinner. 
My whole family sat down to watch a movie and eat dinner together last night.
My brother and I watched wrestling together for the first time in years.
I was happy the day I met my boyfriend.
i gave money to charity that made to feel very happy and i went to orphanage and met orphans which gave a immense satisfaction
today morning our city has jallikattu( bull fight) festival. i enjoyed whole function with loud voice and whistle.
I ate my favourite dish
Today, Early in the morning I am not get up properly and that time my wife stand to front of me with little smile and my favorite cardamon tea. That time  her smile and smell of tea both are made me happy. 
During my grocery shopping trip, I found that my Kroger store was now carrying New York Seltzer water.
I got a call from my parents telling me some good news.
Watch Film of cartoon with my daughter
Went to see my dad and watched him play with my dog. He acts like a kid when she is with him and even ignores the other people in the room sometimes because he is so into playing with her.
A minor injury finally healed up fully.
I was able to watch an episode of a cartoon that I have been waiting for a long time
I baked a pie.
Washed 3 weeks worth of laundry in 4 hours. It was a huge pile of clothes but finally done with it. 
I saw a local ska band play and I really enjoyed their energy.
We got some yard landscaping done.
I got news from my supervisor that my request for a 7 day extension on my history project was approved.
my mom birth day 
My sister did what i asked her to.
Went to a party last night with all of my friends
the day my dad get me a new puppy
I was happy when my parents came over my house to play with my baby.  My baby's smiles and giggles made my day.
Getting accepted into graduate school 
I felt happy having dinner with my family at Ihop yesterday; while it is a small thing, it is important to spend time together as a family.
I talked to my partner after a long while. 
An event that made me happy was when I went out to dinner with my wife last night.  We went to a favorite Thai restaurant that we normally go to when my son has somewhere to go.
I play golf every week with a group of my friends and we always have a little bet going and yesterday I played well and won the bet for best score. 
I tried out a new breathing device to help alleviate snoring.  It's like breathe right strips but goes into the nose to help open the passageway.  To my surprise it worked and I felt more rested.
Found out that my cousin is coming to visit for one week and wants to stay with us for her vacation. Excited
Going surfing and having the waves all to myself. 
I went to visit my elderly mother and she was nursing a baby goat with a bottle.
Speaking with my friend
I picked up my girlfriend from her apartment and we kissed briefly in the car.
UNC beat Oregon in the final four.
I went to Gambrill State Park and played in their natural playground with my five-year-old son.
My girlfriend and I went to land that we bought together and enjoyed the spring weather.
I felt happy when I participated in a volunteer group to clean the grounds of a nonprofit facility.  We mowed, trimmed and removed debris from the entire facility grounds. 
Walking my dogs last night was a time where I was able to clear my head, enjoy nice weather and enjoy a relatively silent exercise. 
I had the driveway power washed, and it looks brand new.
I finished all my laundry and dishes early yesterday morning, so I had the whole day to relax.
My son played a baseball game and even though they lost, he had an exceptional game on an individual level.
It was the happiest day on my life..  the day i married my girl friend... my dream comes true.. Am very lucky to have her in my life.. in all my  loving days she always give me positive.. the best day of my life.. such a wonderful  feeling.. thank god for giving such a wonderful love in my life .. happiest moment ever.
I texted with a friend. 
I went out to lunch yesterday with my wife.
My husbands safe return from a trip.
Got to hang out with my best friend all day who is moving to Washington state in 2 weeks.
Took my Children to the aquarium yesterday.
I went to visit my daughter and my granddaughter saw me out the window and ran to open the door first so she could hug me.
Yesterday I came to know that I was pregnant for the first time. I felt very happy.
In the past 24 hours i actually had to work a lot.  Just yesterday i worked from 7 in the morning, to 11 at night.  Being a college student supporting myself, i have to work 2 jobs on the weekends sometimes.  I was exhausted but when i got home i saw my dog greet me and jump up to me and give me all of her love.  Playing with her and relaxing with her after a long day made me very happy.
Spending time with my daughter.
I got to take my dogs to the forest preserve nearby for the first time since moving to the area.  They've never had a lot of room to run around, so seeing them get the chance to just run around and act crazy until they tired out made me feel truly happy.
I spent time with my brother watching anime and eating my favorite food.
I bought a gold anklet which I have been longing to buy for a long time. Very happy to wear it to the church today
I had a full blown party with my cousin which included unlimited beers and innumerable pizzas for dinner after a long time. This was surely a big event for drinking and eating to the full stomach.
I finally found the time to vacuum my home yesterday afternoon.
My husband and I went to St. Paul and walked around Rice Park and it was a beautiful day.
I went on a run in the woods.
My two year old autistic son used the potty for the first time.
Seeing my daughter interact with older children and play with sand and dirt, knowing she has sensory issues.
I spent time outside at the park with my daughter.
It has been a long winter here in northern Michigan. Yesterday was a sunny, warmer day. The garage has been eating at me. It had leaves from the fall scattered around and needed to be tidied up. Yesterday i did just that. Took me about an hour and a half. I felt relief afterwords and proud. Just another thing I could cross off my long list.
I was at a big box store, and they had free samples of many different types of tasty foods!
What made me happy yesterday (less than 24 hours ago) was that my husband and I went shopping for clothes for our upcoming trip overseas and we were able to find EXACTLY what we needed and wanted without having to go to several different stores.  Our weekends are super packed and we don't have a lot of extra time to go hunting for things when there are so many other pressing things to do for work and to maintain the household.  So, when we were able to get quite a few items at only one store, we were BOTH super happy to be finished with the drudgery of shopping so that we could enjoy free time this weekend. 
The lilac bush has come into bloom and I am surrounded by its beautiful fragrance.
My husband and I walked to the bank to deposit a check from his side hustle.
I watched funny YouTube videos all morning.
My son told me he loves me.
tried a new recipe and it came out awesome. and everyone liked it . 
I had a good massage at a spa near home.
That I have learned how to control how I respond to my family!   I used to be very emotional and quick to react.  I have been working on bettering myself over the last 2 years, it's not easy to change yourself!!  But over this weekend I practiced and achieved my ultimate goals!  It's n amazing and freeing feeling.  
I was at the local store and decided to buy a scratch ticket which I don't often do, it cost me $5 and I won $50 so a great decision. 
It was so amazing I get my new car.
I got a snack of moon pies just last night.
My girlfriend brought me a smoothie when I picked her up from the train. 
I paid my rent yesterday (which doesn't sound happy) but I actually had money left over this month, I usually don't after bills.
Just this morning I rediscovered a lot of songs I loved and used to listen to on an old youtube channel of mine from years ago.
My cat isn't usually very affection or cuddly. But this morning she came over and cuddled up on my arm, using my hand as a pillow, and that made me happy.
I went out to a new brewery with the first friend i've made in a long time.
In the past few hours I completed the work for my new website on Technology. I was planning for so long and the job has done just few hours back.
I got my disability check. I was able to pay rent
I refinished some shelves and installed them in my office for all my collectibles.
Last night, I was able to reach my online earnings goal for the week of $250.

I had intimate moments with my wife earlier this morning.
The sun came out and the temperature climbed into the high 70s, and I basked in the warmth.
I went to a butterfly exhibit with my boyfriend yesterday.
I took a piece of paper and got my cat to chase it and she had so much fun she started purring.
The first episode of the new season of Attack on Titan was released which I have been waiting to see for almost four years.
My best friend told me that she got engaged.  
Yesterday, my sister and I took a walk down Beach Drive in St. Pete and it was perfect.
I was able to buy an Xbox for my son.
I went to the salon and got a hair cut and new color.   it was a huge change from what i had before. 
My husband came home from work 2 hours early because I told him about a call I got from my doctor and he could tell I was scared.  When he walked through the door, I could hardly believe it.   Felt very loved!
I went and visited with my neighbors. 
My mom made a great dinner with new dishes.
Two of my closest friends came over last night and we drank wine and visited and laughed for hours!
I made breakfast for my grandmother.
I had amazing breakfast this morning,fruits and veggies and i'm full with energy now,feeling awesome !  
I went to a friends party for Saturday and we just had a great time having fun. 
My favorite seasonal (Easter) candy was on sale at the store yesterday, and I am enjoying eating them!
After work i purchased two cigars in the cigar shop.
I got to see some people unexpectedly who I have not seen in awhile.
I just found airline tickets for our upcoming trip for $100 less than they were when I checked two weeks.
I was cuddling with my girlfriend in bed.
I received a call from my boss to tell me that my April Fool's joke that I left for her to find got her and she got a good chuckle out of it.
What made me happy yesterday was the fact that I got to spend some quality time with my wife, we went to a play and a sportsman show.
I invited my brother and his family to come do Ukrainian eggs with me and he came yesterday. It was so good to see him!
I spent a fun evening with my boyfriend and his friend eating Mexican food.
I went grocery shopping and was able to get some trail mix which is one of my favorite snacks.
For me, happy Saturdays are spent working on Mturk grocery receipt hits and watching delightfully silly romantic movies on the Hallmark channel. 
I painted my nails for the first time in a while.
I was able to play "let it be" on my electric guitar without any mistakes 
Going for a long walk and enjoying the beautiful spring weather.
Today I met with my college mates after very long times nearly 5 years back it makes me a very happy 
I got to cook a food that I had wanted to cook since I was little, and it ended up being really good.
I went to the beach. 
My teenage daughter and I were browsing hulu and found a show about drum corps and watched it together while relaxing on the couch, and had some great conversations about it.
Yesterday i got my salary with some bonus amount. I was very happy to get a good bonus. And i was in need of money, So i was joyful for salary credit.
My husband birthday its very big date for us we made a big party we celebrate this in park its awesome today
Purchasing a minecraft texture pack for my cousin
Rick and Morty came out with a surprise episode last night.
i was happy this morning when i got to sleep in and relax and start my day off really peacefully. 
Having sex with my lady friend. It was a good positive experience.
Coloring Easter eggs with my son, mom, her friend's kid, and my fiancA(c) at my mom's apartment yesterday. We even painted them and put jewels and glitter on them and made a cool picture frame out of popsicle sticks and a glue gun. It was a lot of fun.
I found a useful new time management software that I downloaded and began using.
I made love to my wife
I received a nice long email from my favorite sister.
i went yesterday without smoking cigarette maybe i can finally quit for good for my health it is very hard to quit.
UNC won their game last night and now are in the championships.
I was appreciated  by my boss in front of the whole office. This made me feel very happy and motivated to work and to be more loyal towards my company.
My girlfriend sent me a really cheesy text
My friend send me a text
I got to facetime with my dad and see the look on his face when i told him he is going to have another grandchild.
I had time to go for a walk in the morning before I went to work.
I went out to lunch with my friend Ed.
Received a phone call from my Dad and we had a good talk for about ten minutes.
Outside my window, I saw three chipmunks come out of a hole in the ground, and chase each other.
I bought a new game for my playstation 4.
I was able to repair my irrigation sprinkler system by myself which made me feel great and save a bunch of money.
It made me happy when I cooked pizza yesterday on my new pizza stone.
I was able to have a terrific Job interview after not being on one in over 12 years.
My boyfriend went grocery shopping but brought home things I wanted but didn't even mention to him.
Today I solved 4X4 rubix cube without the help of anybody for the first time after a long effort
My baby smiled at me when I held her in the morning. 
Yesterday I went to a cook out at a friends house with other friends. We at burgers then played Talisman, a board game, for around 6 hours. 
I finally fell asleep and woke up at the right time and not like a vampire.
Someone gave me a big tip at work.
I got my salary and it was more than what I had expected.I really became very happy for that.
Last night my wife and I went out to dinner with some of our friends, and we told them we were pregnant!
When I hugged my elderly uncle goodbye at my aunt's funeral home visitation this time yesterday, he smiled at me and said, "I'm your favorite, aren't I?" 
Completed a woodworking project and it turned out great.
I went out to eat with my dad for my birthday last night. We went shopping at the mall, also. I was so happy because we got to just slack off and spend some time together, which we don't really get to do anymore.
I got paid $.80 to report my happy moments. (Thanks!)
I got to sleep in today after a 60 hour work week.
I got a $1 bonus from mturk.
Last night I took a class about homemade cocktails.
I enjoyed an evening with my boyfriend and few of our closest friends at game night. We sat around a table playing board games together, eating snacks and having dinner. 
I got my kids a xbox.
I got to go to my house after being away for 6 months, going back made me feel happy.
I got to spend the entire morning going  to garage sales and estate sales  with my best friend yesterday!
I won my promotion series in League of Legends.
I gave my landlord's dogs their doggie treats.  Both dogs allow me to pet and hug them either before or after I give them their treats.  It calms me and allows me to relax. 
My friends came over late at night and shared a very wonderful conversation with me about their lives.
I started playing Bob Marley's 'Three Little Birds' on the ukulele and both my kids started singing with me.
I gave my niece a birthday present that I made for her.
A couple of people made an appointment to come look at our house that is up for sale. 
I went to an automotive museum with my best friend.
I talked to a stranger at a videogame tournament last night and made a new friend.
I got to snuggle with my boyfriend, who I had not seen in two weeks.
I cooked a pot roast for my family for the first time and it turned out beautifully.
One thing that made me happy in the past 24 hours was spending quality time with my girlfriend.
I went out to an Indian restaurant for lunch with friends and had a great conversation. 
I went for a function and to my surprise I saw the girl I loved too much.
I had a great night's sleep last night.
Last night, we had a delicious pizza for dinner. 
last night, the season 3 premiere of the tv show "Rick and Morty" made me happy.
I was at a spring training game.
I went to church Sunday morning and had a really great time
Getting a brand new video game this morning.
I watched a good movie last night.
The bus arrived on time. Usually it is a few minutes late.
I watched a new sci-fi movie at the theater last night and loved it.
My daughter brought home a delicious carry-out meal since I did not feel like cooking.  It was so good and made me very happy.
One event that made me happy was watching a basketball game at home with my family.
Enjoyed Cousin's Marriage Function
When I got the mail yesterday, I received an invitation to my nephew's wedding. 
yesterday I received my incentive payment for a study I did 5 weeks ago. 
Today my boyfriend took me out to eat at a sit down restaurant: Chili's.
My checkbook and debit card arrived in the mail from my bank, which I've been waiting on for about a month.
My wife gave me a haircut yesterday, it looks good.
My best friend finally got married to the love of her life.
I meditated for 10 minutes
I went to the park to eat lunch and a really cute weiner dog ran up to me as soon as I sat down. I got to pet him and play with him
I went on an incredible hike with my sister and we got to explore a cool waterfall.
I was able to take a walk in one of my favorite parks with a bright blue sky and crisp spring air!
My husband and I went to the creek behind our house and caught fish and just threw them back
Received an email that had passed a homebuyer class. 
Yesterday, my sister told me that she has planned to buy me a motorbike. It made me very happy.
The most important part of your work is feedback. No matter if itas positive or negative (and then you will know what you have to change) feedback represents a very important instrument for measuring the quality of your work. And a complete feedback that has only the best intentions can transform your day in a very productive and cheerful one.
I learned my son is coming over this afternoon and will stay for dinner.
I walked around with a friend playing Pokemon Go last night, and we caught 3 rare things that neither of us already had.
I went to my side job as a belly dancer and danced three shows.
I was able to get a very good night's sleep.  I feel really rested this morning.
I was able to have a great work out at the gym.  I feel really good.
I was able to watch the NCAA basketball game at my leisure yesterday. 
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was teaching my dog a new trick and him being able to do it without any food involved.
I attended the 107.03 groove party and had a great time with friends.
My husband got me a congratulations gift for getting a promotion.
Both of my son's called to talk to me.
Today morning my college friends suddenly visited my home.  I am surprised and so happy.
I spoke on the phone with my brother for an hour. 
I watched a Harry Potter movie.
I watched a family movie with my kids.
Partner and I woke up early this morning on accident, so instead of rushing to get everything ready, we shared a coffee and sat listening to NPR, enjoying the extra little time together.
An even that made me happy in the last 24 hours occurred yesterday afternoon. I was shopping with my daughter and we were both in a pleasant mood. She needed to use the restroom in a store that we were in. We both went into separate stalls and just happened to come out of them at the exact same time. We looked at each other and then I ran to the sink to try to beat her in a race. She laughed and ran behind me, trying to catch up at the sink. We both finish washing our hands and I think the race is over but then she slyly runs out the door before me.
I found out my favorite show has updated after 4 years. Now I have something fun to do.
I went shopping at a grocery store sale.
It made me happy that a brother called me that I hadn't heard from in 4 months.

To share a good bed conversation with my wife this morning
I was working on editing my dissertation and it went really well. 
My husband and my daughter worked on her car together.
The item I wanted to buy was discounted 50% in the store!
I completed my income tax.
I participated in a yoga class that left me feeling string, centered, and connected.
Seeing my significant other again after a day apart made me very happy to see her.
I WAS ABLE TO SPEND SOME TIME WITH MY OLD ROOM MATE AFTER 5 LONG YEARS.
My girlfriend made meatballs.
Watching the Final Four made me happy.
My favorite band announced they are embarking on another world tour with concert stops near me and my friends.
My son said dad for the first time !
I rode my scooter to the park.
My 5 years old kid said he loves me too much
I bought a Shel Silverstein book.
Eating at a Brazilian steakhouse
My husband called me on the phone.
I had dinner with my group of friends and we had good laughs.
My girlfriend called me as soon as she woke up to let me know she was dreaming about me.
I had a good weight training session - everything felt great.
Yesterday, I was at the circus with my family, and I was extremely happy
I watched a movie with my friends.
My husband is coming back from his three days tour. 
I made burritos for dinner with fresh guacamole
Asuka kept the NXT Women's Championship.
I was invited to hang out with friends I don't usually see last night, and it was a lot of fun and I thoroughly enjoying spending the time with them.
I heard a song this morning and made me want to dance and sing.  I was very happy during that moment.  
I spent some time playing with my dog. That is a daily source of happiness for me!
I got to play with a friend's new puppy.
A friend invited me out for a drink last night and it made me happy that someone wanted to spend time with me. 
I have been waiting to hear from a potential employer about a ride along for the next step towards my new career and I just received the email confirming I have a ride along next Thursday!
Me and my wife had lunch at a new buffet that catered to Filipino style food since she is of that heritage. It was nice to be with her enjoying her favorite foods.
Spending my evening watching shameless with my girlfriend.
I had dinner with my church family at Olive Garden last night. We had a special performance at the early service today and always like to spend time with each other before a large concert. 
I volunteered at a Special Olympics event and it made me happy to feel like I was helping others.
My husband brought home chocolate chip cookies from the store.
I worked with my wife to make our kitchen look better by adding knobs and handles.
My daughters concert. My daughter was in a special orchestra for top musicians in the school district.
I won 200 dollars at a game of bingo.
My room mate came home from work at a decent hour. He's also my ex-husband and it has been a mess making the transition from wife to room mate. Him coming home on time helped.
I went to a meeting that went really well.
I went to get a haircut because my hair was getting too long.
Taking my toddler on the conquistador at six flags.


A game I bought in high school turned up on my profile on Xbox unexpectedly.
saw beauty and the beast in the theater 
My mom made one of my favorite meals yesterday and I was able to have leftovers for today also.
I was happy to find I had made at least $10 on Amazon yesterday.
I went out by myself and got a great burger and fries. I sat in my car while listening to a podcast that I really enjoy. I loved the time by myself.
I had delicious Chinese food with good friends!
I went to cafe with my girlfriend and we were drinking hot chocolate and watching some funny videos on youtube.
I was able to work online without any problems.
I had dinner out with my wife.
I finally managed to get a one hour running outdoors this morning, after a busy week of work and non-cooperating weather. 
I got my roommate (who never reads anything but trashy magazines) interested in reading a really funny book I'd read (Jenny Lawson's "Let's Pretend This Never Happened"), and lent it to her, and saw her actually reading it.
I finally took care of 3 loads of laundry.
I was unexpectedly called into work yesterday and came home from work to see that my husband had made homemade peanut butter cookies and set out a plate of warm cookies for me.
I gave my 1 year old daughter a giant teddy bear that she absolutely loved. 
The team I was rooting for won their game.
I watched some good horror movies over the weekend, including the film Martyrs, which is extremely scary.
An event that made me happy in the last 24 hours was when me and my younger brother went for a walk in the park. It made me happy because we were able to walk and talk about the fun events that happened during our childhood. It was also fun because we played around and raced each other in fun.
While playing a team based game, a player I'd never interacted with before complimented my skills and thanked me for healing them so well.
A friend of mine came over unannounced and surprised me with dinner that she had made.  
I hung out with my friends and talked about some life stressors. 
I taught a board game to family members who hadn't played much games, after struggling through first game, everyone understood how to play the game and really liked
Woke up at a decent hour.
The sun was out yesterday the weather has been gloomy for weeks.
I got out of work and knew that I had the next day off, (Sunday). 
I sat in a coffe shop with my boyfriend, and we drank the most amazin iced chai lattes I've ever tasted
I was happy that my relatives traveling on a long haul flight arrived safely.
I went this morning to get chicken nuggets from Burger King this morning. 
 I drop my mother-in-law off at the airport, and she went home. 
I went to the movies with my nephew.
Had takeout pizza for dinner
Playing with my nephew in my yard. 
I ate a pretty tasty PB&J sandwich. 
I started cleaning out my garage today. I've been putting it off for a while, but today I finally got started. I threw away a bunch of trash and have bags of items to bring to Goodwill. I feel accomplished.
I went drinking with friends and got a phone number from a really good looking girl.
I got to see my mom after a few months, since I was so busy.
I went out to dinner with my girlfriend.
A favorite Youtuber of mine uploaded a new video, this person has not uploaded in a while.
My 2 year old daughter climbed into bed with us. She was sweet and loving and full of giggles!  She sat with us and giggled for about 30 minutes. Sweeteset sound on earth.
My daughter played great at her soccer game.
I was happily surprised when my sister came home from work with a KFC box meal for me to have for dinner.
I was able to cuddle with a good friend which helped me feel better after being sick for awhile.
I had a date night with my husband. 
I went to a friend's party and plated board games.
I spent the whole day with my little sister and my niece and we went out shopping together.
My dog cuddled with me today which is not normal for her to do.
Yesterday was my daughter's birthday. It was awesome evening, we had lot of fun, good food and music. My daughter enjoyed plying with his friends. We became so happy and it was nice family time.
my medical tests made me happy because I am out of suffering from fever since two years
After several days of cold and rainy weather, we had a beautiful sunny day and I was able to get outside and enjoy the spring weather finally
Hanging out with my son eating chicken soup.
I won a Microsoft Surface Pro from a raffle.
When I found a bag of chips I haven't eaten yet.
I saw Beauty and the Beast at the cinema with my sister and I enjoyed it very much.
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
My little brother turned 18 yesterday and we had a giant party for him at a local restaurant.
I was very happy when my husband finally came home from work.
My mom bought me a new pair of shoes.
Yesterday, I was able to visit with my new granddaughter. 
my newborn baby niece was brought home from the hospital. I remember like it was yesterday. I cried tears of joy watching her sleep in her car seat. from that moment i feel happy .
Getting in a good workout made me happy.
I went to a bird reserve with my 1 year old son that was just down the street from our house. As a stroke of luck the birding migration is happening in Texas right now and after an hour exploring the reserve we both got to observe a rare bird that was stopping in the park as part of his migration journey. I had hoped we might be so lucky and had asked God to help us if it was in His favor. And sure enough! We got to see the bird - it was a Prothonotary Warbler - a bright yellow bird that comes up to the US from Latin America in the spring. It was truly a great moment! 
i buy amazon prime
I had been looking for a new blu ray player, but after some investigating, I decided to buy an Xbox One. I am happy I was able to treat myself to this.
I was happy while watching a childhood cartoon, made for adults, that my friend recommended to me again.
My boss gave me a compliment and assured me of my job security.
Going to dinner with a group of friends
I took the day off to play video games and hang out with my dog.
I went to shopping and my husband found something he wanted and we purchased it.
Getting this HIT again.
I was able to watch the final four on tv.


I enjoyed a walk in nice weather.
In the video game I am playing (Stardew Valley) I was able to bring my friendship points up to a high enough level with my chosen character (Shane) that I was able to marry him.
My husband came home early from work.
I decided to quit heroin.
When I finished a 3 mile run.
I had a nice chat with an old friend on Facebook.
I watched a very funny show last night which 
I went out to dinner, and I saw a server who remembered my favorite meal.
Last night, my girlfriend took me out to dinner and paid for it (has never happened in a year).
My wife & I took our dog for a walk in the park.
It was the opening day of trout yesterday so i was able to go fishing. 
Finding this HIT. Honestly, it brightens my day to see it, because I get paid to talk about things that make me happy. And there's so little that makes me happy that it really helps being reminded about how my life isn't completely terrible all the time.
Eating delicious Italian food. 
My daughter sent a cute photo from her travels.
Singing and dancing in the mirror while I put my makeup on this morning!
After three days of hard work I finally got a script automation program to work for a personal project I am doing.
My funny coworker began quoting one of my favorite comedy movies and laughing with me.
I had donuts for breakfast.
In my tenth Examination my grandma was expired so i didn't do well.unexpectedly i scored 480 marks for 500.That is very very happiest moment.
When I was closing the blinds in the back of my house, I noticed my forsythia bushes were in full bloom. It made me happy to see them so bright and colorful after a cold gray winter.
Watching a movie with my family after eating a home cooked meal.
I had a nice dinner with my husband
I went out on a date with my partner. 
A close family member didn't have to have a below the knee amputation because the surgeon didn't feel it was necessary.
Went for a nice long walk along the coast.
My son slept in until 8am this morning. This made me happy because he usually wakes up at 5am. 
I found a $5 bill on the ground and used it to buy a good lunch.
1. My Son get a first rank in his class.
I bought a video game that I had been wanting to purchase for a long time so I felt happy that I finally got the game I had been working for.
Today I have been happy because It's weekend & I getting out with my family, wife and  two children traveling to grandfather's house. 
Having brunch with my parents
It's getting warm. Warm today, and i got to spend sometime outside. Makes me happy to feel the warm air, and it feels good to be outside. Getting ready to enjoy the spring and getting ready for the beach and other fun filled activities. Anything can take place this warm season, and i just get to feel better and see what it has in store. Harsh cold season and it adds to the happiness. 
I woke up to soft rain.
Watching my son make a new friend at the playground. 
i had made a garden in my home.
I ordered a new bad for myself.
I got to sleep in on a Saturday.
I met my girlfriend today, which I have not seen for more than 10 years. We talked with her, and walked. I'm very happy that we met. We were sitting with her in a cafe, and talking about different stories that happened to us during this time.
I slept through the night without waking up.
I made a big pot of chili.
I made us a big hearty breakfast consisting of eggs, ham and hash-browns.
Dell lowered the price of a computer monitor I wanted to buy by $100 and offers some additional savings.
I woke up to the smell of bacon and fresh coffee. 
I was extremely happy with the amount of money I was able to save by using coupons at Walgreens. 
My friend from high school that I haven't heard from in a few years looked me up on facebook and we talked for a while.
I had really good pizza for dinner last night and ate it again for breakfast this morning. 
The basketball game I was watching was really good at the end and the team my friend had money on won.
I enjoyed play FIFA 17 in my playstation 4
I spent the day yesterday with friends. We had a really good time in the city and had a great dinner. 
I took pictures for my sisters prom and she was very happy with how they turned out. 
Sitting down to eat dinner with my family and having a wonderful family talk.
I woke up to my cat happily licking my face.
I had a nice piece of pizza yesterday, it is my favorite, there where a few minutes of bliss.
I saw the first blooming rose of the season in our rose garden.
My 3 year old son hugged his baby sister and said he loves her.
I stayed on my diet.
I ran out of toner on my printer.  I looked on the internet and found one that I could get for $20 including shipping.  I went to Staples and the toner cartridge was $65.  So I ordered one on the internet and was happy that I did not go to Staples first and paid $65.
Yesterday I went out and looked at a new house that I am interested in getting, it made me happy to think about getting a new place.
I walked to the store yesterday and while walking back home a guy parked on the street asks me if I play the guitar. Yes, I replied, I do play the guitar. And he asks me if I could tune his guitar for him. So I tuned his guitar -- the high E string was strung backwards -- and played a few chords. He was impressed with my finger-picking style. And I handed the guitar back to him. I was happy to help out.
It was parents weekend this weekend and a lot of my friends got to see their parents that they haven't seen in a while.
I found out a friend was out of the hospital after emergency surgery.

I ordered pizza, and I was happy that it arrived hot, fresh, and exactly as I had ordered it.
My 4 month old niece smiling up at me when I made noises at her.
I had a glass of wine ALONE.
The day became so hot that it felt like summer and I could finally put a dress on.
Watching my plants that I had planted in seed containers sprout almost overnight. They are growing nice and strong, just when I was about to lose hope. It was a happy feeling, when I woke up to see more plants
My daughter surprised me by bringing me dinner. 
Went out to dinner with friends and family for my dads birthday.
I slept late yesterday.
My daughter came home from college for the weekend, and we took her to look at a piece of property that we are thinking of buying.  I wasn't sure how she would feel about it, but she loved it.  
I had pizza for lunch, I love pizza makes me happy.
My favorite football team just had a successful draw.
My friends and I won the majority of video games we played last night.
I was happy because I went to church. I was able to go and praise God. 
I felt happy spending time with my mom.
My happiest moment occurred last night after I had fed my 9 month old baby.  He put his head on his chest and fell asleep.  I love cuddling with my babies and when he did this it reminds me of how lucky I am. 
I took a new OTC medication to treat my migraines and it worked instantly.
I was happy last night after I fucked my goat in the ass.
I was able to sleep long enough last night.
after a long i watched few videos from BBC earth , i just felt how much amazing creature are in this world which we never knew. i feel like to have a journey birds island. 
I had sex with my wife after weeks apart from silly arguments
My sister came to visit and I gave her a hug.
Playing some video games with my friends this weekend and relaxing after a long week made me happy because I had a fun time and got to speak with my friends.
I went out to eat with some friends for the first time in a while and it was fun.
I found out I passed a class I took a few weeks ago.
I ate dinner with my roommate and her friend and we all chatted together while we ate.
I came from church and my Dad wan't home. o Anxiety, yay.

I walked a 5K with my daughter and son for the Autism Family Network and felt good about helping out families that need it.
I wanted my friend to go to the store with me so I didn't have to go alone, and they did!
I was able to get my wifi to work correctly again after being frustrated for hours.
I made an amazing Italian roast coffee.
I saw my best friend yesterday night for dinner.
Attending my best friend from High School's baby shower yesterday afternoon. 
I bought a pineapple for 99 cents at the grocery store
I found out that I'm going to be having dinner with some friends tonight. 
I figured out how to mount one new tool on my bench with a biece of leather underneathhhhhh to pick up the vibrations.
I ate some leftover pizza that my boyfriend and I made together the previous night. Even though it was a day old, it was even tastier than it was when it was fresh out of the oven.
I went to a new snooker parlor and played for nearly 3-4 hours for free as it was the grand opening day :P
I saw my niece hit a triple in softball in a softball tournament. My brother sent me a video of her & I was cheering because she made me so proud. 
Watching my kids play basketball and laughing together for over an hour after they've been not getting along all morning.
I got the living room spotless! Spring Cleaning at its finest!
Walking around the neighborhood and enjoying the spring flowers.
My son at a good day at work. It is his first week on his first job and the previous day he had a really hard time.
Playing with my newborn baby made me happy.
Pirates Of The Caribbean 3 was on TV and I forgot how much I enjoyed the movie. 
Enjoying a meal with friends.
toady had dinner with my parents
I received a check in the mail and I can't wait to cash it!
Last night my cat slept peacefully next to me all night, then smiled at me and put his paw lovingly on my hand in the morning when I woke up.
Earlier today the cafeteria had mashed potatoes with gravy that were really good, it was unexpected.
My wife and I visited a local amusement park for the first time. 
I went to a party at someone's house last night.
TODAY WE ARE GOING TO PARK. MY SON PLAYING WITH ME. I FEEL VERY HAPPY. BECAUSE HE WAS PLAYING. HE WAS 11MONTHS BABY.
My first time flying a plane with skis on, I got to fly really close to the frozen river right at the tree line, i had an instructor behind me but it was so amazing, saw some snow machinery and skiers that took photos too, hopefully made a happy moment for them too.
I was checking out at the grocery store and the cashier was an elderly woman. She asked if I needed any help carrying my groceries to my car, and she had such a positive attitude that was both optimistic and humorous.
I got to watch my alma mater play in the Final Four (unfortunately they lost).
I found a little time to read a book I've been wanting to read.
I had a meal at one of my favorite restaurants and it made me happy.
I bought a new shirt for myself.
Took 2 fast busses to work.
My family and I went to a ceremony at the cemetery today to honor my grandfather.
Just today I was raking the copious pile of leaves in the front yard when a neighbor came over, introduced himself and helped me.
Opening day of baseball season has arrived.
My partner made breakfast for me, even though I didn't ask.
I had a relaxing morning at starbucks. 
I got to sleep in this morning and woke up feeling well rested which made me happy. 
My boyfriend texted me goodmorning.
Went to have dinner yesterday to my mum's house, she made a lovely meal , it was pretty nice and relaxing.
Yesterday I had an ultrasound, I was able to see my 16 week old baby girl, it was incredible and beautiful. 
I helped my father plant tomatoes and pepper in the garden and watered the garden afterwards.
I felt very happy when I was able to help my 11 year old neighbor and her Dad catch their dog. The dog escaped but I was able to help catch her by tempting the pup with treats. My neighbors were very happy to have their dog on the leash again. 
My mom made the family lamb gyro for dinner.
My adorable 3 year old niece came to visit.
I have two dogs, my friend came up with her two dogs and we went for a walk in the sunshine with them. 
I got to sleep in, which I needed badly.
I received an email yesterday from my college informing me i made the President's Honour List for this year. This is the first time I've been academically recognized.
I got a call from an old friend.
I prepped my day the night before 
Today is a sunny nice day out and it made me happy to wake up to the sun shinning in my face. 
I found out my boyfriend is going to be moving to my city, and we will no longer be in a long-distance relationship.
Yesterday we went to the zoo for my husband's birthday. While we were there, we saw the seals and sea lions swimming around like sleek torpedoes in their enclosure. I must have watched them for a good 15-20 minutes, and then the keepers came out and started to feed them and entertain them for enrichment. It was adorable and awesome. 
in past time i am very happy .why because i am not excepted my husband given sudden surprise,what is that is we are going to other countries for enjoy.
I visited my significant other who lives in another city.
I got a job interview at a place I really wanted to work at.
My infant son smiled and reached out for me when I got home. 
today i went for shopping and bought branded name brand suit that make me very happy.
Last night I watched the NCAA semi-finals on television and was happy to see that North Carolina won.  I picked them to win the championship over two months ago. One more game.
I got my daily income goal
Yesterday, me and my friends went out to get milkshakes.
I ate a delicious meal w pizza and mozzarella sticks.
I ran 4 miles at the park.
My friend came over and spent the night last night and we had a great visit.
I planted new vegetables in my garden. When I was done I sat by them and read and enjoyed the sun.
I was playing steel-tip darts and the highest score you can achieve in one round is 180 points.  I usually go months between 180s.  Yesterday, I hit two 180s in a matter of 4 turns.
The guy I have been seeing recently for about 3 months came to my house with flowers for no apparent reason.
Going to the roller rink with my friends and family for the night.
I enjoyed spending the day at a craft show with my step-sister.
I FINISHED SHOVELING THE DRIVEWAY AFTER THE SNOW STORM !
I went outside and saw some grass starting to grow up.
I went on a long bike ride, about 22 miles, while I listened to music
I got to go to bed after a very long day at work when I was very tired.
I had a nice afternoon nap and woke up refreshed.
I realized I still had some peanut butter cup ice cream left in my freezer that I had not finished.
My boyfriend texted me last night and told me he loved me.
My son going to his friends house. Her grandpa recently passed away and it,ad me happy that he could go over there and make her happy.
I went out with friends last night whom I haven't seen in months.
I went on a bike ride by the river with my daughter.
Last night attended my grandson's 13th birthday party. It was a boy and girl party with music and dancing. When the first dance was starting he asked me, his grandmother, to dance with him. This was the happiest moment ever. He is my only grandson.
I won a the bowling game against my friend Paty
My favorite soccer team won the game
In the past 24 hours, I found a Funko plushie of the Tusken Raider riding a Bantha at Target, which I was really happy about because they were just released and all of my friends wanted one and so I was really glad that I was able to be the first one out of all of my friends to pick one up and to have one because it's really cool and looks great.
Sitting outside in the warm spring weather while my husband cooked dinner on the grill and my three year old son ran around in the backyard playing with our dog made me happy yesterday evening.
My best friend gave me a very good book to read
One event that made me happy was finding new HITs on Mturk.
I was happy today when I had a headache, and my spouse took care of me and made sure that I was feeling better.  
It's been storming all day, and I love the sound of rain. Because of the storm, I've been able to relax and listen all day.
It made me happy to see the tulips we planted blooming today.
I saw a dog a hanging his head out the window and his tongue hanging out.
Today I found $20 that I had previously lost so I used it to fill my gas tank.
Every morning I get up and walk with my step father, we talk about current events and what going on in the world, 
we also like looking at the sun transitioning in the morning as the sun rise, gives a beautiful look in the sky, count our blessings as we walk.
Spending weekend with family.
My cousin got out of prison today and I saw him for the first time in almost two years
drinking at happy hour.
i finally had time to go to the dentist after 6 years. My teeth are feeling really nice right now
I made huge profit from the business transaction I completed in the past 24 hours.
I feel a sparkle at whatever point I recall yesterday I went to the International exchange reasonable with some of my companions. That was my first International exchange reasonable visit and this was such a cheerful affair, to the point that despite everything I feel an extraordinary euphoria discussing the memory of this occasion.
I had a cigarette on the sidewalk.
I made some delicious bread.
Completing my job applications
I found out that one of my favorite shows has a new season out.
For the first time in months I almost have enough to pay my share of the rent that is due tomorrow. It has motivated me to work even harder.
I played a table top rpgs with friends and had fun. 
I found a beautiful home today on zillow.com today that made me very excited about moving. I looked at the photos several times online and shared the home with my husband. We talked about living in that home and what we could do with that house. 
One thing that made me happy was playing the new Zelda game on my WiiU with my 10 year old niece.
I reupped so I got some more weed. 
I woke up to find that my husband had cleaned the house.
Took my kids to a gymnastics meet. 
The weather was really nice for the first time in a few months and I was able to go outside and sit in the sun and read a book for a few hours. I was really relaxing and made me happy. 
I met someone new this week and yesterday we were able to hang out for a while and talk. It was interesting and there are some things I find that we have in common. It's always a good thing to meet someone new especially when you're a person who doesn't have many friends as is my case.
My baby isn't much of a laugher, but last night she made the cutest laughs that made me laugh myself.
I stayed up late last night to work on an Mturk batch and made $25 for the day.
Today while grocery shopping I found a toy my kid loves, so I got it to surprise her.  While helping me bring in groceries she noticed the toy in a bag and got very excited.  Her happiness made me happy, and her gratitude also made me very happy.  I love doing things for her that I know will make her happy because it makes me happy too.
It got warmer outside and melted some of the snow. 
I drank a warm cup of coffee, and it was good.
Yesterday, I had to go to a health fair for my job and represent my job. I was surrounded by other businesses that were ran by successful professionals and I felt happiness and pride that my employer thought I would be the best equipped out of all of our employees to handle representation of our business at this fair.
When I ate a sub from the grocery store.
I helped my nephew with his school project.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was a new episode of Rick and Morty came out.
I was exercising on the elliptical and my favorite song came on Spotify and I felt a burst of joy.
I ate a really good steak for dinner
I went out to my favorite restaurant.
My car passed its annual inspection with no repairs needed
I spoke to my mom on the phone and she's feeling better.
My mom lives abroad and she called me today... just to hear my voice, without a specific reason... that felt good!
I gave catnip to my cat and watched him act silly for a minute.
Mississippi State beat UCONN last night.
My husband got me Chinese food for dinner, which I have been craving for a couple weeks.
Watching my favorite show while drinking wine.
I bought myself some chocolate - some new hershey's cookie layer thing, and it is very good.
I was paid a large bonus today.
The day started off rainy and then the sun came out this afternoon.
We took our boys to the U-pick strawberry farm this afternoon and they loved it.
I found out my sister finally moved out of her horrible living situation today.
I got my package from Amazon about five days before I was expecting it.
I enjoyed the new Mastodon album.
I got popcorn - white cheddar popcorn, to be specific, before I'm about to start back up on a diet that would stop me from having it. 
My younger daughter turned 30.  We had a party attended by friends and relatives.
I pranked my girlfriend for April Fools.
I played a video game and tried to relax. I eventually had fun with it.
Walking around and shopping at the mall with my sister.
A really good dinner. Chicken salad sandwich was amazing
I had enough in the bank to pay bills coming due through 4/10/17.
I was able to teach one of my hens to hop up on my open hand.
I got to thank my friends for their help with my daughters birth with a dinner in their honor.
I'm finally getting to watch the movie, "Sing!".
i put in for vacation to go to a cabin, it made me feel good knowing i can do that and we'll hopefully be able to use this cabin fora  long time.
The weather was a bit nicer than it has been for the past several days.
The organic hummus I bought is delicious. 
I went for a walk outside in the beautiful weather.
My friend called to touch base.
The sun came out after raining all week. I don't care for rain, and it usually make me feel down when it has been raining all week. When it came out, I felt relieved and happy.
I will get to eat Montreal's famous roast beef for diner.
Today I got up early and had a walk with my father.It was really energetic and felt that the day would start awesome.After a long walk and a shower I felt very fresh and boosted up.I was glad that I could make it.
I baked a cake for dessert tonight.
My husband worked 12 hours and surprised me by bringing home dinner.  It was barbequed wings.
I enjoyed a bowl of cereal for breakfast with nowhere I had to go afterwards.
Spoke with a friend, who happens to be very good to me...we had a great conversation.
My daughter called and told me that she just got a new full time job in the town where she and her husband just moved to.
My son is leaving for college in August.  I am always happy when he fills out scholarship applications.  He did so yesterday evening.
My neighbor helped me out with carrying something today.
I had a great workout today and right after I finished, I weighed myself and lost 2 more pounds!
Lunch at Maxi's Restaurant with my wife and daughter.
being able to just relax with my family during this saterday which happen to be a fairly lazy day.
My boyfriend and I were in the car. I was quite upset due to a previous event. He disliked physical touch, but suddenly we reaches over and grabs my hand.
While laying in bed my girlfriend during the night would get close to me so that we could feel each other's warmth.  It made me happy that she wanted to be close to me.
I took my girlfriend fishing and she caught two nice fish.
I had a delicious sub at Subway today. 
I was happy when I completed a big hit on Mturk.
Having lunch with my mother.
I felt happy when I ate dinner and gained a burst of energy.
I went to Walmart and spent way less money than I thought I would on groceries.
My favorite lunch meat was on special and on sale at the grocery store.  
I was happy when my fiancA(c) called me last night to tell me goodnight. 
My fiancee left me a thank you note on the mirror for cleaning the house.
I ate a tasty funnel cake that was one of the best I ever had.
I enjoyed scrambled eggs and oatmeal for breakfast this morning.
I watched a movie I've been wanting to see for a while. 
I had time to explore a national park. 
I watched the Final Four basketball game.
My sister came over to visit today after not seeing her for a very long time. I was very excited about this.
It made me happy to read a good book on sales strategies `
Playing a board game with my mother and family friends.
I went to a vegan mac n cheese hotdish cookoff with a good friend.
I went out to dinner tonight.
Feeling myself get stronger at yoga today because I've been doing it more often lately. 
I finished reading a financial audit and I was able to understand everything that was in it. 
Early morning we read a news paper and I see my photo in Newspaper in congratulations column this given by my staff its happiest event for me.
I went out shopping and dinner with my family yesterday. My daughter was great at the restaurant and it was a very enjoyable experience! 
well good the will lide good work in my life Maps and arrows from Happy Maps: Single-Step Adventure. good  sex well good life in drink well good 
I spent time with my family.
I heard from an overseas friend who told me she is coming to visit next week.
It was my cheat meal day!
I had a bowl of homemade chocolate ice cream.
Went to grab a new pair of shoes.
I was happy that the new recipe I tried turned out well.
Human life is the collection of some important events. Of those events, some events are forgotten but some other events are so important and heart touching that can not be forgotten and remain fresh in the mind. My first day school is one of those events which will remain ever fresh in my heart. I was then 6 years old. One day my mother told me that I was going to start my school the next day. I was very excited. I couldnat think of anything else. I was always thinking about the school, the teachers, and the students of the school. I couldnat even sleep at night. The next morning my mother woke me up early in the morning. I had a bath and put on my best clothes. Having breakfast we started walking towards the school. After half an hour we reached the school.  I saw many students on the school campus. Some were playing and some were talking to each other. But I did not know any one. So, I got little nervous. My mother took me to the headmaster's room. He asked me some questions. As I could answer them all, he became pleased. He called in a teacher and send me to my class with her. I was admitted to class one. The class teacher and the student receive me heartily. Though I was little nervous, soon I became easy. I will remember the day as long as I live.
Getting a new pair of shoes that I've been looking for over the past few weeks.
I was happy when I shopped in Saver's by myself.
I got to go home early from work, since I had worked overtime many of the days beforehand and my project completed.
i was happy when i get to eat hot pot at night
Tonight, I did not burn myself while frying pork chops and they we much tastier than I expected them to be. 
I experimented with my meatball recipe and it happened to be much tastier than I had expected.
I got to nap when my daughter napped.  
made myself a delicious egg salad 
My husband did the shopping for the week.
A got to take a nap.
The mangoes, I bought were fresh and sweet.
Spending time with my folks today made me happy.
I took my children to a local festival.
My mother who has been sick began feeling a lot better today and was even able to exercise a little bit.
My husband pointed out a mistake in a movie we watched and made a joke about it.
I got the title to a vehicle in the mail today.  Paid it off weeks ago.  Feels good knowing it is OURS.
I woke up to the smell of freshly cooked bacon, the smell filled the entire house. I love bacon but hate paying the price so my husband surprised me with it and cooked it up while I was sleeping.
Went to library and they had the book I wanted to read.
I felt happy when my partner and I rewatched the season finale of Stranger Things.
I felt my baby kick when I placed my hand on my wife's belly
I am happy that I am home with my girlfriend watching basketball.
I took my friends out to eat and what the NCAA tournament.
I ate at a steak restaurant last night with a friend I had not seen in a long time.
My daughter said I love you at the dinner table for no apparent reason.
I got to go to the gym and exercise. 
I watched my son play in the sand for the first time; he didn't eat any and that made me happy. 
I went to starbucks and had some delicious coffee
I devoured an angus beef and cheese sandwich at Schlotzsky's for dinner, it was good.
I hit my financial goal for the day. 
The hubby fixed the car, so now we don't have to take it to the shop on Monday, Hooray!
Yesterday I got a call from my sister and was able to talk to my nieces and nephews for a few minutes.
Someone told me I had a good soul.
This morning I went shopping and bought a new dress.
I hugged my boyfriend.
My  neighbor was having a party and invited my girlfriend and myself.
I cleaned out my office and decorated it pretty and girly.
My son went to a birthday party with a friend from preschool. I love that he has close friendships and feels like he belongs. 
I earned $2 on MTurk yesterday which sounds like peanuts, but it was my goal and I met it.
What made me happy was my chihuahua Luke going to the bathroom outside when I took him out this morning. 
I worked on a light wood glider.
I completed a 10 page research paper.
I was happy that I heard my music online.
today i finally taught my dog how to give a high five, it was a big feeling of accomplishment for the two of us after weeks of working on it with slow progress now it's smooth sailing.
Yesterday evening i played carrom board and chess game with my brother and my friend Jenifer. Totally played 17 games. I won 15 games and 2 games draw. They tried so much to beat me. But they can't beat me. They was really angry. How can he won the 15 games. Both of them thinking i was cheating them, no never. Why should i cheat them I'm district player of carrom and chess. They're worrying for theirs loss. I feel happy and advised them play with concentration definitely you will won all the games. 
I went to a movie and I took the train , I do have a nice car, but taking a train is relaxing because I am a teacher, the movie was GEt out and it was good!!!.  It was good to get away.
I managed to burn more calories than usual.
I received something in the mail I was waiting for.
I found extra chocolate candy in the kitchen and I was able to eat it without anybody noticing.
my monthly wages already on my debit
My daughter and I were in a bad mood so we decided to have a junk food eating party and I set up a big snack spread and we both had a good laugh and changed our moods around.
I had a great and delicious lunch.
Before lunch we played dress-up I helped her put on the princess dress complete with a crown, jewelry, shoes, and make-up. We both had a fun, happy time.
I got a call from my mom that my cousins are coming to town this weekend for a visit. 
My ran up and hugged my leg when I got home.  
I figured up all my bills and realized I have plenty of money to last me until my next paycheck.
I experienced no April Fools joke on me today.
I went out and got some shopping done today.
Seeing my son learn how to play the game of T-Ball in our front yard.
My spouse asked me if I wanted to go to a movie with her.
I won twenty dollars on a scratch off lottery ticket.
I got a new action figure for my collection of Star Wars figures in the den. I setup some custom lights around them on the display shelves for effect too.
I got to spend the day talking, shopping, and hanging out with my mom.
My son got a first place on competition.
At the evening when I was drinking a strawberry tea with my friend at Starbucks 
I got to use the grill for the first time since last summer.
I applied a personal loan from my bank, surprisingly it was sanctioned within few hours. Got a message confirmation from my mobile which i received late night saying my loan amount credited . it was a good news when i wake up.
I spent time talking with my neighbor.
I got my car fixed finally. Now I can go more places.
I found out my husband got a promotion at work and I was very happy about that.
I woke up well rested. My brother died two weeks ago and I have had trouble sleeping since then, this was the first morning that I woke up feeling like I had had enough sleep and could do the things I enjoy today. 
My bank account is credited with my salary.
We are working on training our dog, and I was happy when she successfully reacted in the appropriate way.
My baby boy smiled and laughed.
I just received my March salary.
I got to work a shorter shift today, and I was grateful because I had a long week, working in several stores this week.
Getting free totes from Sears.
I had time to read about 20 pages of a book on corporate finance I am really interested in.
I found a travel bug in a Geocache.
My husband made dinner for the kids and I and it was delicious. I was so happy to not have to cook and the kids ate everything.
While my elder son explain his friend's party in a star hotel, i was hear that enjoyable movement of his.
My son got selected in for school cricket camp.
Finish what i intended to do that was hitting my quota and beyond.
I ate my favourite Mexican food for dinner.
My son born and I got an excitement of foreign tour
Yesterday i was very happy because i went to local astrology event program and now i learned some astrology predictions.
Human life is the collection of some important events. Of those events, some events are forgotten but some other events are so important and heart touching that can not be forgotten and remain fresh in the mind. My first day school is one of those events which will remain ever fresh in my heart. I was then 6 years old. One day my mother told me that I was going to start my school the next day. I was very excited. I couldnat think of anything else. I was always thinking about the school, the teachers, and the students of the school. I couldnat even sleep at night. The next morning my mother woke me up early in the morning. I had a bath and put on my best clothes. Having breakfast we started walking towards the school. After half an hour we reached the school.  I saw many students on the school campus. Some were playing and some were talking to each other. But I did not know any one. So, I got little nervous. My mother took me to the nan room. He asked me some questions. As I could answer them all, he became pleased. He called in a teacher and send me to my class with her. I was admitted to class one. The class teacher and the student receive me heartily. Though I was little nervous, soon I became easy. I will remember the day as long as I live.
My mother made me a pumpkin pie from scratch.  She knows this is my favorite and that I love her recipe.  It made me feel loved that she made it for me and it was delicious hence my happiness.
I found out that I was going to work one of my favorite exhibits at work today.
My other daughter finally made an important decision about her upcoming wedding.
I cleaned part of my house, leaving me happy and satisfied.
My cat came over and sat next to me for a long time, which he has done only once in his life.
Tried a new pizza place that opened in my neighborhood and it's very good!
Ran into an old fling that I have not spoke to and over a month. Had a very short conversation. 
I felt happy earlier today while I was eating a delicious salad from Wendy's.
my husband is away for a business trip took a picture of what he bought for me overseas.
My eight year old said, "I like having you as a mom."
I went to see movie with wife last night and spend a leisure time with her and I was happy.
I bought myself a new pair of shoes and a new pair of pants.
I was able to pay some of my Dad's bills off today so he will have more money left over each month. 
Someone gave me a book I've wanted for years but had never requested.
i got back my grades for my exams
I visited with my brother and we joked about current events.
Finished all the work I needed to do for my job on site before lunch.
My favorite sports team won a big game.
I was able to eat with my girlfriend and her family, and they were very happy we were getting engaged.
I made myself an ice cream cone.
I saw a horror movie named "Dora".This movie is really wonderful to see.
The weather was excellent today
I took a drive to do a quick task for a new job I'm doing and enjoyed doing it.
I went to a 1st birthday party for a baby whose nickname is "Bunny" and she was wearing adorable tiny bunny ears the whole time. 
I finished a project at work at the end of the day yesterday; it was my goal to finish before I left work.
Taking a bite of a yummy biscuit and some delicious warm chicken strips from a restaurant that I didn't have to cook today, for dinner,
I finished everything on my to do list.
I made chicken stir-fry for dinner and it was delicious.
I made a roast with potatoes and carrots for company and it turned out perfectly.  I got many compliments.
I went out with seven of my friends this afternoon to an Escape Room place that was a lot of fun.  We picked the "pirate ship" room, and we had one hour to solve puzzles, riddles, and find clues to "free" ourselves from the brig of the pirate ship simulation.  We had a really great time.
I proposed a girl and she said yes.
My client complimented me and said that Im the best insurance agent she has ever had.
I was happy today when I went to Macy's and we found several clothing items that were on sale for 60 to 80 percent off for our son that is due in August.
I was able to spend some time with my brother who lives out of state.
I felt happy when my dog was being extra cuddly.
My friend came to visit me and I was very happy to see her.  I didn't know she was coming over.  I had left something in her car and she brought it over to me.  We had coffee and a nice visit.  
my wife made dinner.
I let my cat out early in the morning and hadn't seen him by 2:00 in the afternoon. He's usually ready to come in by 10:00 in the morning to eat and I was getting worried that something was wrong. I looked everywhere and called and called him, but he was nowhere to be seen. Finally he came crawling out from under some bushes where he'd been sleeping. I was so relieved and happy to see him.
My boyfriend came over and we had a great time talking and snuggling on the couch.
I had coffee.
Today, I was able to wake up without having to set an alarm.
took my child to her school musical
I completed one section of a report that i had been working on for a week.
I killed a great climbing route.
I made a delicious dinner and my picky son loved it.
I was playing a baseball video game and won in dramatic fashion against another team.
I went to the casino and finally won some money.  It wasn't a whole lot of money but enough to make me happy finally.
I found a dollar on the street.
I got a new gaming laptop!
I was supposed to go to work tonight, but my boss called and said I was not needed.
Having a positive visit with my mother-in-law in the assisted living facility.  She's looney as a bat, but today she was almost focused for moments, and we had a very nice visit.  
I got one small gift from my mother.
I bought a new outfit and I found a nice deal on shoes.
In the afternoon my son returned from school and told me how he had gone in the vocational interview. The psychologist believes that his skills are closely related to his interests and he predicted much success in his studies. That made me feel very happy for him and proud
 My favorite movie came on TV this afternoon and I was able to watch it all the way through.
My 6-year-old telling me how much he loves me. I am going out of town for a few days, and he doesn't want me to go, and says he will miss me so much. It was bittersweet, but made me happy to hear him express how much he loves me, and will miss me when I am gone.
I walked into the kitchen and saw that my mother had bought me a package of my favorite sugar cookies as a surprise.
My work provided free ice cream for doing well on a recent evaluation
Washed all my clothes and cleaned the house
I drive for Uber part time.  My schedule is very busy with my full time job and family so I do not get a lot of time to drive for Uber.  They have a feature I discovered which allows me to set a destination, so now when I leave work I turn on the app and set my destination to home.  It works great because I can pick people up that are traveling in the same direction I am.  Today when I left work I got a $10 fare and had a great conversation with the person.  It made me feel great to get paid to drive somewhere I was already going anyways. 
I went to the gym and saw the guy that gives me butterflies every time I see him.
I had a pizza party with my family last night.
 Earlier this morning, I was able to attend the special Olympics. It made me happy to see so many special people being able to find success in different sports. 
yesterday, I went out with my mom to the mall, we had a good time talking and shopping, I just love her
Going out and exploring the city made me happy today
I drove to mountains. 
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.
I met with my high school friends and enjoyed a lot.
 My wife and I were able to have lunch together yesterday, that always makes me happy. 
 Today, I was able to watch a movie with my girls, it was a fun day to do that and made me very happy. 
went to a movie with my friend
My brother in law is going to prom tonight and asked us to take pictures of him and his date. 
I got to sleep in this morning because it's Saturday. 
When I was in a party, I got someone's wallet lying on the floor and I was able to give it to the owner on the same day.
anniversary of the Creation of the World, we recreate ourselves and we wrestle with our relationship with the world around us.
Itas a day designated to take a step back, look at ourselves, and think about what weave witnessed and what weave experienced over the past year. Itas not just a celebration of one day.
I was able to catch a good suspense movie on TV.
in a event i sell many shirt and i get a lot of money for that
Watching a movie with my family
I got a surprise reimbursement check in the mail today.  It was for $327.  I knew it was coming, but it was still nice.
I got to see my nephew again after not seeing him for a few weeks.
My husband cooked breakfast for us today and cleaned up the kitchen after himself.  
Another event that made me happy withing the past 24 hours was finally finishing a design project I had been working on for weeks.
My son played in freezing cold water and had so much fun at the beach.
Found two excellent nan.
My mom bought me a shamrock milkshake.
Being able to get the ingredients for the food i have been wanting.
My son was accepted as a Scholar at the University of his choice.
My girlfriend surprised me by paying for lunch. We went out to eat at a Mexican place. The bill was over $30 so this was really nice of her.
It was when my friend had a birthday benefit held for him.
I ran for 25 minutes straight, a new record.
Me, my 11 month old son, and my husband went on a nice walk to the DQ and to the Goodwill to going shopping. It was nice that me and my husband had the day off an that we got to go no a nice walk on a nice day and spend quality time together with or son. 
i was able to relax and not think about work.
I watched my daughter's gymnastics class. 
For the first time in about 6 months, I drove to my tea shop and bought 4 oz of Kenilworth Ceylon tea.
MY FRIEND CONTACTED ME TODAY THROUGH VIDEO CALLING . WE TALKED  HALF AN HOUR. IT IS FOR THE FIRST TIME WE  CONTACTED THROUGH THE VIDEO CALLING. WHICH MAKES ME HAPPY.
My son sat on my lap and ate a snack while I was holding a friend's baby.
when i watch comedy movie then i feel happy. because i laughing a lot and i feel stress free.
A friend paid for my groceries when I was told the credit card system was down at the store.
I was having dinner with my parents and my dad said something really funny that had us laughing for a long time.
My daughter and her family came over for dinner.
I received an email saying that an employer would like to interview me for an open position at their company.
I got a kiss from my wife!
I got my favorite coffee with a shot of amaretto and just sat outside and enjoyed it.
I saw that there was some items at the store on sale that I needed.
I did some old bigger person morning arrange food parcel them self. They blessing whole my family it was good feel for me.  
Visiting my Grandma made me happy. 
i am watching a nice movie right now
I went out on a date and it went very well.
I figured out how to use a few scripts on Mturk.  I have been adding up how much money I made everyday with a goal of $10. I finally figured out how to do the script.  It makes me happy every time I do a survey to refresh it to see how much I have made. 
Tonight at work a coworker took the time to compliment me on a large project I have been working on. It was just a side comment but It made me extremely happy to hear that my work and effort had been valued.
I was incredibly happy when my son's baseball team won all three of the pool play games in this weekends tournament.
We are cooking a huge amount of my favorite food.
I finished a project for work that I had been working on for months.
I  met an acquaintance of mine from my college on my morning walk
I got April Fooled by my little brother. It made me happy because lately he's been doing so well.
I met with my college friend and we had lot of funs together.
I went  to the movies with my girlfriend to see Beauty and the Beast.
yesterday we were happy to give a treat to the one of the famous person who received an award from president of india, and we made that function a good one.
Playing a card game with my grandparents.
I unlocked a difficult level need for underground Game. I have been playing from last one week to unlock it.
What made me happy was getting a dozen roses from my boyfriend
I found a new way to introduced my main male character in my novel today and I finally feel I found the right way to do it.
I had a pedicure and the foot rub during it was amazing.
Small child teaches  young man. 
Getting paid to complete a crossword puzzle.
my family going to temple
A friend of mine was somewhat angry with me but we managed to work out our differences and we are on good term once again.
I spent almost a month with great anxiety regarding my result publication. I started speculating so many things and many of them were negative. I could hardly keep away the tensions about my upcoming result. The result was so important that my college admission would mostly depend on it. I could not sleep well in the night before the result publishing. I think this is a common anxiety for students and I was familiar with this type of anxiety. However, this particular exam results game me more nightmares than any other time of my life. 
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
I lost my job saying the reason of manpower reduction. So I was searching for the job which was hard to get at my age. Yesterday I received a call for an interview and I immediately received the result of selection . My joy was endless and I am very much happy at it.my whole family got excited
This is the happiest moment of my life. Being born here, i could never imagine this university actually existing.
happiness is the best part of my life, in fact, being happy is all we need. if you are feling happy. you'll love to let your friends and family know about. it is a wonderful feeling too, especially when you;ll realize that they are glad to see happiness and smile on your face. Maybe that's all they are looking for.
My dad gave me $50 for helping him buy a car. 
My wife made me chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast today
Today I talked to my mother on phone after 15 days
I got my paycheck deposited into my bank account, and I got a bonus for working super well. 
I went for a comedy movie and i was very happy after watching it.
I was able to exercise by playing tennis and basketball.
My kids helped with the dishes. 
I had requested a meeting organizer for a call in phone number to one of the meetings so that one of my colleagues who was working remotely and expert in the topic could attend.  I was happy when the meeting organizer obliged and gave me a call in number that I was able to provide to my colleague.
I played with my granddaughter at the park for an hour.
I cuddled and pet my cat Venus. 
I found out I get to cat sit my favorite cat in two weeks.
My dad told a joke.
This morning I ran the mile for the first time this year. After running the mile I felt great, and I was happy. But soon after I started to get tired, and knew that I was going to ache later.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.

I watched a TV show and it was enjoyable.
On my way to work my favorite song came on the radio.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say Have a nice day and Take care.
I m very happy when me and my wife go to cinema hall for watching new movie.
i played a game on the pc called shoppe keep.
Big Dad Found this hit...again... on Hits worth turking.
I tried making strawberry cheesecake, and it came out successful in the first try
it's the ultimate goal every day you wake up, to be happy. At the end of the week, you want to be happy. Happy in love, happy in work, happy in life, happy with yourself. It;s pretty simple	
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.
In the past 24 hrs I went out for a long drive with my friend n I was so happy to spend time with him 
Today morning I got the very nice massage.
I was happy to have dinner with some good friends.
I was able to have steak on the grill made for me, so delicious to have a home cooked meal.
I was very happy when my son playing with whole day
It's easy to impress me. I don't need a fancy party to be happy. Just good friends, good food, and good laughs. I'm happy. I'm satisfied. I'm content
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
I made dinner. 
I completed my tax returns for 2016 this evening.
I got a bonus from my job for my level of performance over the last quarter.
My friend made a great chemistry joke and I am a nerd so it made me happy. 
Today morning My younger son returned from his tour after 10 days. Without him my whole family was really missing him. As soon as he arrived we are very happy enjoying with him
I met up with a friend for lunch.
I made big tips at work as a busboy today.
I got home from the store and my daughter ran up to me and said, "Mommy, I love you. Where did you go?"
Talked with a friend and was laughing joking around.
I aced two very difficult anatomy tests thanks to the assistance provided by my tutor leading up to the test. 
My girlfriend gave me dome.
Actually today morning while walking in park, i found two baby squirrels playing near tree hub, so by seeing those very cute play, made me really very very happy.
i went to see my old friends yesterday
My best friend told me that she looks up to me as a sister.
It is an holiday
Several of my dahlias have buds! 
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO MOVIE
my husband cooking dinner for me.
i went to movie
Today being sunday I received an inspirational sermon.
I mustered up enough energy to vacuum behind some furniture. 
I went to Yoga Class.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO YOGA
I went to Dance class.
I WENT TO MOVIE
 
 
I am very happy because I have learned much about many things.


I WENT TO MOVIE
My family and I went to our capitol, we were sightseeing and after had dinner in a nice Italian restaurant. 
I WENT MOVIE.
I got buffet offer in my near by hotel and i went to have lunch and they told me that they would offer free meal for my kid as she is below 5years old and it made me happy
I met my old class teacher long back
I had some good food.
I was finally able to find a companion bird for my daughter's pet, which has been very hard to locate.
Got a first prize for bike stunned
A long chat with my dad made my day happy
I contributed to my cricket team's success to reach to semifinal and I was thrilled and happy after hitting winning six of the match.

Another event that made me feel happy today was that for lunch I went out to my favorite local restaurant and ate some of my favorite foods that they made.  I normally can not go to this restaurant because my schedule is typically packed, but because I had some free time today I made my way out to the restaurant. 
Showing my son the new Cars 3 trailer, we are super excited!
I went to theater with my boy friend and watched a horror movie. I was fearing for the horror scenes. By seeing that my boy friend laughed at me. 
My cat finally decided to sleep in the new bed I bought for her.
My youngest son came home.
I am an avid reader.  I track the number of books and page count of every book I read.  I have been doing this every year since December 2003.  I've read an impressive number of books since then if I say so myself!  Every month, I look at my reading numbers, especially the number of pages read.  I have an unofficial goal of reading 100 pages a day.  I have yet to reach the goal of 100 pages a day for every day of the year (36,500 pages for the year).  At the end of March, I was 200 pages over that rate which means I have read over 100 pages a day so far this year.  Normally by the end of March I am already behind that goal.  Like I said, only of interest to me, but even so, it's an accomplishment.
I was happy that I successfully helped my father research, find and purchase a wireless keyboard with all the features he was looking for.
Having a nice long conversation with my step mother made me very happy.
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
Long ago, men went to sea, and women waited for them, standing on the edge of the water, scanning the horizon for the tiny ship. Now I wait for Henry. He vanishes unwillingly, without warning. I wait for him. Each moment that I wait feels like a year, an eternity. Each moment is as slow and transparent as glass. Through each moment I can see infinite moments lined up, waiting. 
While talking to my parents about my day.
WAS RIDING MY BIKE INSANELY ON AN HIGHWAY.
i went to meet my friends yesterday
My boyfriend and I spent the afternoon together and it was  amazing.
I prepared my best jollof spaghetti so far!
I watched a movie.
My boyfriends brought me rose this morning and it's not even my birthday.
I watched my friend sing karaoke and it was really good.
I played roulette online which was fun.
My youngest daughter earned the student of the month award at her school.
My family and i went to see Boss Daddy and had a good laugh during the movie.
I went to a romantic candle light dinner with my girlfriend and we spent a quality time together.
I went to a shabu place and then got some boba drinks with my two best friends.
I watch a funny reality show in the TV.
Sleeping, trust me Iam not the kinda person who slouches in the bed 10a12 hours, I barely get 3a4 hrs of sleep a day and the rest of the day I go to college and then fiddle my brain with coding and assignments, but today turned out to be a good day for me, I had enough amount of sleep, listening to the soft music, watching the climate. Everything went excellent in terms of rest.
Talked to a cousin on phone.
Then I bought a video game that I was longing to play, and I was exhilarated when I was able to get it to work on my computer.
The weather report included one day next week predicted to be 70 degrees.
i went to my regular job and did fairly decent in cash made, as well.
Playing game with my daughter
My dad congratulated me for the successful frame completion 
I got a substantial amount of money which I considered as a bad debt all these years... The amount loaned by me to a friend of mine some years ago was returned by him to me yesterday... This was totally unexpected and gave me a lot of sudden happiness...
A Sonic drive-in restaurant had been in works for some time within my neighborhood and as I passed by today, I saw they finally opened up. I ended up getting lunch there. The next closest Sonic is probably in another state.
My youngest child actually took a nap yesterday afternoon.  I was able to sit back and relax for a bit.  This helped to recharge my batteries.  
My dog give birth to two baby dogs.
I watch a funny video today.
My friend and I were really tired so we decided to get back home and just sleep for the day. The very next day, we wanted to go biking earlier than most of the usual locals, so we left at 9 AM. We had to backtrack to get back to the amazing spectacle from the previous night, but we didn't start because my bike was taken by my father. We searched for the bike to have a ride. My father's friend gave us the bike and we enjoyed.
A friend of mine celebrated one year of sobriety today after years of struggling with opioid addiction, and we spoke on the phone for a few hours about how far he has come.
I ate a good BBQ sandwich with my friend.
Talking to my husband about our future dreams made me very happy. We are taking steps towards living our dreams and can feel those dreams getting closer so that make me very happy.
I met my relatives who were travelling and their train had a stop in our city.
My friend gifted me a cue puppy yesterday, i am so happy.
I got a valuable gift from my friend.
Today i dont have much money, i thought to take breakfast after going to temple. But in temple itself they gave me more food. On returning i got free butter milk.
I purchased a new samsung smart phone today.
While out running errands I stopped and got a strawberry shake which made me happy as I haven't had one in nearly a year. 
I weighed myself on the scale and realized I had successfully lost ten pounds in one month.
I worked on my music production.
my friend's birthday party
I brought new mobile with my savings.
Last Friday I brought a new car which was the long waiting dream for we all.
When I was able to try the new starbucks beverage, which is limited edition

I didn't have to go pick up my sister from work tonight which is around 1am and usually about 2 hours travel time. 
I ordered subs for dinner from a pizza shop and they were great.
I took my parents out for lunch
I changed my proof  temporary address to permanent address after a long days, it made me happy
I have attended a program to help orphan children, which made to think about others life. A great moment.
prepared sweet for the first time
I got offer for a free recharge and it made me happy
When I reached the Airport just in time to catch my flight.
I meditated, which made me feel calm and focused.
I was able to help a coworker who I had problems with in the past so we kind of mended the fences and I think can get a long better going forward.
A new game in the series I like got announced to be coming this year.
I made chapattis round today. After practice of many days today I was successful to make them round.
Wrote an article for my organisation magazine.
My period came so that means I am not pregnant.
I made a cappuccino for myself and it was delicious.
Going on long drive with friends
My partner and I had a disagreement which we resolved easily and respectfully, and I am grateful that we were able to communicate with each other so well.
I am addicted to caffeine so when I finally got some soda I was really happy, haven't had any in like two days.
the event was  my lover called me after a long time ago which was awesome
Learning to use firebase with my app made me happy
When I saw that some lemon seeds I have planted from a lemon started sprouting this morning. So happy to have a lemon tree in the making.
I got a new friend today. He is very good with his behavior too.
My wife made me dinner last night. 
I went to church today and prayed for God to forgive me my sins because my religious belief is against drinking Alcohol and I drank a whole bottle of Whisky the previous day so I felt dirty and remorseful. I have asked God to forgive me 
Sharing a meal with my family today.
I took a second poop, it made me feel even better. I usually don't poop like this daily so it has been a GOOD day.
i played cricket to day
I have received best employee award in my office that made me happy.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.
The weather was really nice, and I was able to spend some time visiting with my mother.
I enjoyed a great meal with my family and in-laws to celebrate their birthday.
went for a couple of beers with my old workmates and our families were there too
I cleaned up my room and it made me feel comfortable in it again. I've been struggling with getting the motivation to clean up and now that it's done I feel so relieved.
An event that made me happy in the last 24 hours is smoking on the balcony with my roommate. The event caused me to appreciate having peer support.
My wife took me to lunch at my favorite restaurant out of the blue. 
Yesterday i bought a new cell phone for my spouse and i was very happy because i made her happy by buying her new cell phone the model which she liked most.
I cleaned my room.
I had a good workout yesterday morning. 
My mother made my favorite dinner in the world, her special meatloaf.
I was happy about a successful baking experiment.
giving an speech in an meeting over around 500 people about context of poverty and illness and people responded well which given me a happiness.
played clash of clans manual game in railroad with group of friends.
I went to meet my grand mother
When I am going in the office and suddenly clapping or shouting all staff, because today is my birthday so that time I am feeling very happy and lucky also.
When I arrived home in the afternoon, my dog had not chewed up anything. I have a puppy and he occasionally chews things.This was a happy moment.
I started watching a new program that I'm enjoying.
Go out to eat burgers with my family
We started working on preparing food for my dads surprise birthday party which is happening today. He turns 90 years old and has never had a special day for him. All the work and planning is so worth it.
Finished a video game.
I was able to eat home made cookies
I had a good cup of coffee.
Started to workout again. It hurts a bit but finally some progress.
I ate a warm chocolate croissant straight from the oven. 
Work went real well last night.
My friend Vincent agreed to help me move a large, heavy bookcase at the last minute.
playing football with my friend
The food I cooked was liked by everyone 
Woke up this morning to a beautiful breakfast my wife made me
my first bullet ride with my lovely life partner
I was happy when I realized that we have been saving a good amount of money each month.
Beating my father in a game of chess
I felt happy playing with my son yesterday outside in the yard.  
My other cat who normally doesn't come to my room came and rubbed up against my leg; it was super cute!
An event that made me happy was when my son came home from a birthday party and he enjoyed himself. I'm always happy when he comes home and enjoys the company with his friends.
I walked my dog and she gets so excited it makes me happy.
I had a minor computer issue yesterday using Windows 10.  I was able to track down the problem and figure out what was going on.  To my relief it was not malware or a virus, just a software bug.
Going 4 wheeling today with my friend Ted. It is going to be 60 degrees out
Picking my girlfriend up from work.
I took my wife to a community yard sale so she could buy baby clothes for our future granddaughter. 
I drank an espresso in the morning.
I got a good night sleep after being restless for the past week.
I saw a friend a church and we greeted each other.
My girlfriend and I went out to pizza at our favorite place.  It was so good.
I was happy to learn that my grandson is getting married in a few weeks.
My husband and I shared an intimate experience; it was extremely passionate and touching.  
The television series "Rosewood" is now available on Netflix.
I helped someone from my apartment community load their trash into the trash compactor when they were having a difficult time.
We had a family game night for the first time in a very long time with all my kids.
Hurray!!New family member.. yeah it was the day where my pet gave a birth of new puppy..it was really a fantastic feeling.. it wad really pumped up.. the puppy was so cute as like its mother . my little sissy  very happening while seeing these moment ... i lifted the puppy  oh my god it was really cute ... very lovely!!
I went for a bike ride in the sunshine. 
Me and my wife stopped by to visit my mom who just returned home from winter in Florida.  
The appreciation of my family after a well cooked reunion dinner last night.
Went out to eat at a new restaurant and had an amazing time with friends.
Watched my daughter with the easter bunny yesterday.
My youngest granddaughter woke up from her nap and I went upstairs to get her and she smiled at me when I came through the door.
Today is my birthday and i got a beautiful gift from my parents.
Another event that made me happy was looking at my plan for the summer and deciding what i was going to do.  Im planning a trip with someone and we decided where we want to go and how much we will need to save for it.  Saving that money will be stressful, but the thought of a set plan of what im going to do made me happy.
Went to the pool with the family
I was told by my supervisor that my vacation for next week has been approved, so it's going to be a short three day week for me before I get to head to Michigan to spend some time in Grand Rapids.
I helped a seller get his book purchased.
Went to Ice cream parlor with my daughter and enjoyed ice cream.
My first cousin who is very close to me visited me after a long time. 
I was able to complete a good portion of my course readings yesterday.
Yesterday was April Fools Day and I love playing jokes on friends and family so  I had many laughs during the day and it made me happy.
I walked my dog in the woods.
While remodeling my bathroom, I found  that I can reuse most of the old plumbing.
Having my daughter sit at a restaurant and behave while we waited for our food.
I went to church.
Yesterday I had wrote a long distance friend. it was an apology letter from an experience that him and i went through. I had apologized for some of the actions that I was responsible for. I dont get to see him so things were lingering in the air. I felt a huge relief writing the letter. Its been bugging me that I couldn't express myself. So it felt good that i got it off my chest. It too was a relief of a burden thats been weighing on me.
My dad took me out to lunch.
Another event that made me happy was to talk to my daughter. We're both super busy and live in two opposite ends of the country (north and south).  When we can find time just to reconnect and share what had made our weeks joyful or challenging, it strengthened our bond and made me feel reinvigorated.  It's hard to live so far away from someone you love with all of your heart, but it felt great to reduce that distance down to nothing just by a quick phone call. 
I woke up to my dog kissing my face.
I made delicious grilled cheese for lunch with leftovers.
I went out to eat at a Mexican restaurant.
A friend of mine came to the house to visit.
Today i took my mother-in-law to the hospital.
My girlfriend told me that she's gonna buy me a kindle.
That I have decided to have Easter at my home, for the first time!! My daughter is almost 2 so it will be great to have everyone come to us! No one wants to celebrate holidays anymore since my fathers passing and I have decided to take charge and try to change that.  Fingers crossed and I'm feeling hopeful!
Sat in the house all day saturday and watched an april fools snow event that lasted all day and night.  I love snow so this was quite fun. 
It was so cool I didn't miss the bus not one time.
I got picked up from work by my girlfriend and boyfriend.
Getting to play a video game with my roommates.
Similar to above, I finally paid off my wisdom teeth dentist bill after a year two weeks early.
I fixed up an old pair of roller blades and have been riding around on them frequently
I got the day off work after a 6 day work week, which was relaxing and made me happy.
A girl on a dating app messaged me and we started talking.
My baby was having fever yesterday, I was thinking why my home is so silent the whole. We took him to the doctor and took medicines for him. Today when I was working on my computer I suddenly hear loud voices of my mother shouting my baby that now you have gone well then you have started mischief again. This made me feel happy for sometime that my baby is good now by god's grace.
Volunteer work at library 
I cleaned off some old bookcases and moved them upstairs to my spare room when I made room for my new shelves.
I was able to talk with and old friend who I haven't been able to in a long time.
Last night, I watched X Factor US (old episodes) with my wife.
I went for a hike with some old friends I had not seen in a couple years.
I ate frozen yogurt at a new restaurant called Spoonlickers.
I was able to get back to using reusable cloth pads instead of disposable cotton ones so I can prevent a lot of monthly landfill waste.
I was looking for a snack last night and found one slice of pizza left in the fridge.
I decided on a name for my new business.  
I sat on a seawall by the water on a beautiful clear day.
I went to the car wash and cleaned my car.
I mapped out a vacation for the summer.   Places to go, things to see and booked hotel rooms for it
My son messaged me to say he worries about e sometimes now that he is so far away.  Felt loved again!
I had dinner with my mother. 
I gave an old friend a small gift and it made her very happy.
My puppy graduated from Puppy Level 1 training and he did so well. 
My family and I donated several bags of clothes.
I find a ticket for tonight movie premiere ,i'm really happy and looking forward to watch this movie.
I went to a local mom's and pops restaurant that I haven't visited before this recent time and the food was delicious. 
The church service was wonderful, it really lifted my spirits and encouraged me!
Purchased olive oil and rosemary potato chips at Walmart last night.
I found out that I made more money than I thought on MTurk this week.
I got an e-mail alerting me to a big bonus that I was not expecting this morning!
I bowled relatively well and came in 2nd place in a game with friends.
I called my mother and she informed me that she was buying a new house after months of offers falling through.
I was able to go to the theater and see a play that my son was in.  
I made an egg that I was particularly happy with and I intend to put it on a stand in my bedroom to enjoy every day.
My boss called me on a Saturday to tell me he was pleased with my work from the past week.
I was able to find some time to play video games for the first time in quite a while.
Yesterday I made pancakes for myself and made extra for the next few days. 
I ate a really tasty dinner.
I was able to have lunch at Red Lobster with my husband 
Playing with my cat who has been sick but was having a good day.
Today I had a get together with my family members after a very long times. It makes a very happy.
I was able to watch an event in sports and drink some beers with some friend last night that was really fun.
I played a video game.
The perfect cup of coffee while everyone else was still asleep.
My sister and two of her son visited our home after many days. I was very  to see them
Evening we went to mall we help some poor people which gave us for relief and happiness
Making myself a hot cup of coffee
I went to gamestop to trade in a game i paid $60 for and the salesman let me swap it with another $60 game instead of only giving me the $
i was happy last night after i watched a romantic movie with my roommates that put me in a really good mood. 
Watching a Joe Rogan comedy. It was an hour-long special shot in San Fransisco, the most PC town in America.
I won a few dollars on a scratch off ticket yesterday.
I played a video game with my friend while visiting him.
I ate a wonderful breakfast 
I received an unexpected check in the mail.
Completed 5 six pack exercise routines today i am getting stronger and lighter.
Finished my kids Easter basket last night.
I was very happy to see my friends after a long time. We met almost after a gap of 10 years. 
I got a new high score on mrs. pacman!
I realized I've read 1/5 of a quite boring book and it didn't take me too long.  In other words, the task I have to do won't take much time.
Yesterday my youngest daughter showed me over and over how much she loves me by saying "bye mommy" every time i left the room and saying she didn't want me to leave.
I was able to hit my productivity goal at work, on the first day of the month when it makes the most difference.
I had a nice phone conversation with my best friend Kathy.
Made dinner with my girlfriend while listening to music.
I baked cupcakes with my two nieces.
I was able to catch a hit on mturk that I've been trying to do for a while now.
I beat a mission on a video game I am playing that I have been trying to get past for a few days.
It made me happy to spend time with my wife and daughter on my day off.
I heard my daughter say I missed you after I came back from my first interview in 12 years.
I found out that I don't have to work next week as there is a week-long holiday
I visited a more outlet and in a contest won two prizes worth Rs. 393 
I saw the Tar Heels win in the Final Four. 
I was playing a board game with friends and I realized how I could do something really amusing in the game to one of my friends so I started laughing, one of my other friends realized what I was doing and we both couldn't start laughing. 
Repo Men came on TV, and I watched it.
I spent time with my cats.
I met one of my childhood friends.We met accidentally and came to know that she stays near to my apartment.
My wife and I spent some time looking at houses online last night (we are in the market).
I was doing a microwork transcription that was rather annoying because the audio was not clearly, and I was happy to hit the submit button and be done with with.
Made love to my wife.
I met a cool person in the mall who I immediately connected with and shared a lot of interests with. It was really surprising and she was really nice, and I hope we can both get along in the future.
I had a really good dinner. 
I feel well rested
I tried the new snapchat filter with the dancing bunny.
This morning I made a healthy smoothie with blueberries and spinach.
I had the day off today so going to bed last night it made me incredibly happy to not set my alarm clock and get some extra well deserved sleep.
Seeing my kids eyes when I brought home the xbox.
Getting to see my cat after being away for 6 months, he was very glad to see me too.
We had a half day of sunshine, and I was able to be out in it!
I finished my homework due on Monday.
Watched Dallas Stars hockey on television.  I love to watch the Dallas Stars.  It makes me happy, especially when they win! 
My son moves his stroller in order to sit in it, even while inside the house, and it makes me happy he wants to be that close to me.
I roasted a whole chicken in a new style and it came out cooked PERFECTLY.
My son telling me that I make him happy.
I got the test results back from my father's echo and neck arteries taken at the doctor's office. 
I cooked and prepared my favorite meal for dinner.
I did a lot of chores this morning that I have been meaning to do for a while and now my house is really clean!
I had lunch at a sushi buffet restaurant with my boyfriend and son.
I saw some friends last night that I had not seen in awhile and we had an interesting conversation about art.
Another thing that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to purchase a few things I wanted online.
I cooked a delicious pot of chili con carne last night.
I met my relatives at a function and It was a get together after a short break with relatives.
I was able to make some great progress in my programming class.
I got to hang out with friends and watch the final four last night. 
Going to dinner with my girlfriend and our families made me happy.
I had a really great time this morning.
My wife and I had a beer on our deck and watched the sunset after our kids were in bed
Getting to see one of my old school friends.
I slept in this morning and feel refreshed.
My favorite song played multiple times on the radio at work.
I got to sleep in this morning for the first time in a week, and I felt refreshed.
I was able to get my lawnmower started right away.  Usually it takes some help, but I was happy I was able to do it myself.
Another event that made me happy was walking my dog.
On the way home from grocery shopping, I stopped at Starbucks and got my favorite coffee drink. 
We finally bought the back splash tiles for our kitchen today I will install them.
When we returned home from our dinner, we put a movie on and fell asleep cuddling each other on the couch.
I was able to spend the evening with a good friend over the internet.
My brother came out to watch the final four games last night, and they were very exciting.
I got to spend the whole day with my sweet husband, at a tourist town.
I watched a movie with my friends
While walking back to my car from the park, a really cute girl smiled at me. I didn't say anything but it still made me feel good.
I attended a talk from my favorite author Neil Gaiman and he read a poem I really like.
I did a bit a binge watching with episodes of my favorite show Battlestar Galactica.
I talked to my daughter on the phone
Found a home I knew I could afford
I went to test ride few bikes today. I rode 7 new bikes.
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.
My husband made me breakfast and cleaned up afterwards!
I went to a friend's apartment with my fiance and casually hung out, ate snacks, and played with their cats.
I went to zumba class at my gym.
I was really productive yesterday.  I got a lot of chores done.  I can relax today!
I was able to get a really good night's sleep.  I feel refreshed.
I went to the gym and had a good workout for about an hour and it made me felt good. 
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was traveling to go visit someone really important that I haven't seen in a month.
I got good news that I made it to a second interview for a new job I'm seeking.
My son told me a funny story about his experience at the recreation center. 
Work problems were resolved.
In the afternoon we went for a movie.  I am so happy and enjoyed a lot with my family. 
My dad made me a bagel for breakfast without me asking. 
I watched my kids in their swimming lesson.
I watched wrestling in TV.
My friend sent me a text to say she missed me and was thinking about me, and wanted to go to the hot springs with us soon.
Yesterday at lunch my daughter and I went out for Chinese. We had a great discussion about a range of things from Chinese customs to the current political climate of the US. It made me happy to hear her express her own opinions at 11 years old, and I was surprised to learn how much knowledge she had of different topics.
I spent less money in the past month than ever before.
Our daughter played in the yard on a nice evening.
It made me happy that Kroger mailed me a coupon for a free pizza for being a loyal customer.
Last night I went to a Baby-shower for the (unborn) son of my godson, nice food and nice company. Happy music and games for everyone.
I recently went plant shopping and now when I see the new plants in my apartment it makes me very happy.
I got the back yard cleaned up.
My grandson called me to invite me to dinner.
I finished paying all the monthly bills.
I felt happy when I was out walking yesterday and the sun was shining on my face.
I biked to work and had an enjoyable ride through peaceful scenery.
I HAD MY FIRST EVER FLIGHT IN MY LIFE
I had sex with my girlfriend.
Listening to a podcast I have been waiting for.
My friends messaged me demanding that we attend the concert and even offered to pay for my ticket if I didn't have the money.
I learned that I would be getting a bonus at work for the previous months performance.

My Mom made brownies
My spouse made me a great dinner
I got drunk with some friends.
Watching my favorite show
My husband and infant daughter are not very sick even though they have the flu.
I finished making my poster for a work conference.
My sister told me she loves me and she usually doesn't.
I remembered that Donald Trump is the President and liberals are losing their minds.
Yesterday, we went to a Thai restaurant for lunch, and I got one of my favorite meals
I made and ate some nachos. 
I dropped my cellphone on the concrete and it did not break. 
I finished an assignment over a week early
My girlfriend called me after work and we talked for a while.
I watched a really exciting basketball game and the team I wanted to win ended up winning.
I took my son and his friend to a hamburger place.  They were happy and appreciative that I took them.
I wished a friend of mine that I haven't talked to in a while a happy birthday, and we spoke for a while on the phone.
I made a delicious loaf of rye bread last night.
I completed a project that I was putting off. 
I was able to spend time with my girlfriend last night watching Netflix, something we aren't able to do often.
Me and my wife sat on the back patio having a beer together just talking about life in general. Reminiscing on what the kids did when they were younger and at home brought back memories that were nice to talk about.
Staying in and drinking mixed drinks with my girl.
I sang with my church choir at our early morning service. 
I won a very small amount in a raffle, and although it was just forty buck I was very happy because I really needed the money.
My three year old daughter made several drawings, something she is just starting to learn to do, and asked me to make them into a book. I stapled them together and she has asked me a few times to read her book to her.
I ordered some balls for my son's ball pit so that he would have a fun area to play in.
Last day of work. The last day of the workweek was completed!
I could pay a due bill.
I did some work that took my mind off recent events, including my father dying, losing my main job, and my husband and I parting company.
I had the house to myself for the evening.
Me and my girlfriend went and bought different items to go biking. 
Riding the biggest coaster the Titan  with my 9 year old at six flags
I finished a painting that I intend to sell.
driving home from the theater with my boyfriend and jamming to edm music and driving by lake michigan 
I realized we had cherry chocolate coffee when I thought we had run out.
I'm happy that I got to make a pizza from scratch.
I went to the gym and had a good workout.
I had a long satisfying sleep!
I watched funny Mr. Bean videos on youtube. It was very funny.
I finished applying for some scholarships.
I played with my puppy
Two of my favorite soccer teams in the premier league are playing at the moment and the game is exciting.
I read about retired baseball player Manny Ramirez getting a contract to play in Japan; the contract includes unlimited sushi and optional attendance at practices.
I got caught up on some TV shows.
I own 3 cats and the oldest of them (my favorite) turned 8 years old yesterday. They were overjoyed that I fed them her favorite food in celebration.
My 4 year old son and 1 year old daughter played nicely with each other.
I tried a new ice cream place and it was very good.
I learned about a new application called Discord which lets me communicate with other people online and can replace IRC.
My mother and I went shopping. It made me happy because we were able to buy the things we wanted.
My mom saw I wasn't feeling super well and offered to wash my bed clothes when I brought them downstairs to wash them myself.
An old friend who seem to fall off the grid connected me today to say he was back.  
I got home from work. 
My baby daughter was meeting a bunch of family member s for the first time and she had a smile on her face the whole time. 
Finished a book that has been on my backlog.
My washer was repaired.
I received a game that I ordered through the mail yesterday. 
I tried a goat cheese sample, and I love goat cheese.
I was happy when I got in touch with my brother I'd not spoken to in awhile.
I got a hot guys phone number.
 I took my son to the park and we played. 
I visited with a cousin.
Watched the Final Four NCAA basketball games
Buying new plants for my garden and apartment at Walmart.
My Sunday morning roleplaying game started on time, and this isn't always the case.  
I binged watched a new TV show yesterday on Netflix. I seldom get into new shows so I am happy to find something that fits my tastes and preferences. I felt happy watching all 13 episodes and have no regrets about how I spent my day. Very relaxing!
I was able to see a friend that I haven't seen in the past 6 months.
I successfully baked bread, which I haven't ever been able to do.
I spent the day researching my business.
Cousin gave me a new job watching her son. it is only 3 days a week and It covers my portion of rent.
My 2 eldest daughters sat together at the table and shared a bowl of cereal. They each took turns getting the cereal and were just chatting and giggling, being nice and no fighting.
I went to go see a play with my wife. 
Getting a good night's sleep, and waking up feeling refreshed. I've had a lot of trouble sleeping lately, so my doctor prescribed an antihistamine, which I think helped.
My dog layed down next to me when I went to sleep last night.
I met my friend for coffee this morning who I hadn't seen in a while. 
I woke up early and had extra time. 
I started on a new skincare regimen and I am loving the results so far.
Today's weather changed from rain to sunshine.
My daughter play piano for her birthday celebration. She played excellent music.
I got money for my work
My neighbors got a new lab puppy and brought it over so we could all play with the puppy which was a blast
My 40th birthday.
I went to have breakfast with a close friend.
When I beat a level in a game I've been working on for months.
I watched a YouTube video that my sister and I have been looking forward to for a while.
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy .
I found a bath bomb that I didn't know I had, and was able to use it while my child was at a sleepover.
taking a nap
I was happy when my one year old son ran to me and gave me a hug and a pat on the back when I woke up.
My husband brought me coffee without me asking for it. 
Yesterday, I was bale to visit with my younger son and his family.
financial year end, waiting for ratings, entry level emp are got ratings, i am waiting from yesterday, state head declared same has been update in mail,end of the day i got mail regarding for my promotion. immediately i passed the message to my family, we did sweet celebration at night in house with happiest movement.
Posting my first blog post made me happy.
I was able to go out on the town with my husband to a Gala.  We were able to score a last minute baby sitter. It felt great to put on my favorite jewelry, fancy dress, and make-up and see my husband get all dressed up as well. 
i buy a new pair of jeans
I took my kids to breakfast out this morning and we had a great time together!
Somebody I may have a crush on gave me her phone number and messaged me.
I did a good workout at the gym that was really thorough.
Attending a birthday party
I watched the lower bracket of a tournament I've been excited to watch.
I purchased a book for my son that I felt would help him with anxiety.
Going to my cousin's birthday party.
I helped my son fix his motorcycle.
I ate a delicious dinner prepared by my girlfriend.
My boyfriend made me a special delicious, healthy dinner.
The cat cuddled with us on the couch.
I got a promotion at work.
When my girlfriend woke me up with coffee in bed. 
I bought and drank some beer.
I saw somebody walking a really cute dog yesterday.
I went to a local bar, and unexpectedly ran into friends who were happy to see me.
This morning I took a midterm in my finance class and got a 96%
Going to church with my wife.
 My daughter caught a trout.
I was checked out by a woman at the coffee shop I go to. It always makes me feel good when that happens, but it doesn't happen all that often since I feel like I'm a bit awkward and unapproachable as of late.
Spending time with my sibling and parents. 
My dog caught a toy mid air and made my son laugh.
Drinking all last night with some really great friends!
Last night I had a very satisfying intimate encounter with my girlfriend.
I came home to my daughter after work last night.
I was able to watch an episode of a TV show that I had missed, and it was hilarious.
For my first wedding anniversary i didn't gave any gift to my wife.But my wife presented a Diamond ring.
When i opened my email last night and found out I was able to start working for Amazon Mechanical Turk. I had been waiting a couple of days and finally got the email.
Spending time with my oldest son at Sunday school.
I saw a number of pretty flowers in someone's yard while I was walking
I went for a walk through a park.
I purchased a nice sweatshirt for a quarter at the local consignment store.
Enjoyed my morning coffee while looking at the ocean.
I made a chocolate cake for a dinner party tonight. 
I watched a new episode of my favorite television show.
Today I meat one of my best friend.
I built a crib for my unborn son's room and I felt happy that my future son's room was finally complete.
Today my hi fi stereo finally working normally, I can browsing internet  with listen my favorite music channel.
went to the park with the family
Another small thing is, i get to make a few phone calls and make a few new purchases. Hats, some cloths, auto work, chocolates and few other known items i need. So that is my happiness for today, and who knows what will be there for tomorrow.
I got a call from a friend I haven't heard from in a while. 
Picking up sushi for lunch. 
i had planted some herbal plants in my home.
My friend told me a funny story that related to me.
My schedule change at work was approved by my boss.
I was invited for a birthday. It was my friend's birthday. We celebrated, drank cocktails, danced. In general, it was very fun. I'm very glad that I got to this holiday.
I made a vegetable omelette for breakfast and now feel nourished.
I went to my uncle's birthday party.
I washed and sanitized our beds along with some laundry.
I received I sweet text message from my friend in Tokyo. 
The dog was really well behaved on the walk this morning and did not just up on a person we crossed.
Yesterday I was so happy to not be woken by an alarm, sleeping in is a great Saturday perk!
I woke up this morning and remembered I still had tacos from last night that I could eat.
My friend who is visiting and I had a conversation right before bed that made both of us crack up. 
Went to a bar for a friends bday.
I love play Soccer with my Friends in the Stadium 
I enjoyed my morning walk with my dog. The weather was pleasant.
I bought a wooden baseball bat for my game tomorrow night.
Getting off at work after a hard day of making people happy.
My uncle brought us really good bagels from New Jersey.
My daughter decided to stay and sleep with me, she is only 2 but it is really comforting when she snuggles.
My sick cat ate well yesterday, which is a really good thing for her.
My husband took the children to see his mom so I got a break and some time alone.
My rescue cat is coming around.
We found a new series on Netflix to binge watch.  It is called "13 reasons".
I went out with a couple of friends to the bar that we go to every weekend and we sat around and talked with all the regulars.
The rain stopped and I could walk to the store. I also have a leaky roof,  but is wasn't so bad -- we only had about a quarter inch of rain.
The weather was really nice today and people were out being active and playing with their dogs.
It was warm enough to eat lunch outside on our deck.

I had a good snuggle session with one of my cats, and it made me very happy and relaxed.
My girlfriend laying her head on my shoulder and cuddling up next to me while watching the final episode of Game of Thrones, season 6.
My favorite team played in the final four, they did not win but the effort was outstanding.
Spent half a day with my parents and friends at the garden playing guitar and grilling food. 
Another event that made me happy was being able to watch a movie with my wife last night before bed. 
My dog and I played catch. 
Visiting with my aunts while drinking coffee.
I had a nice dinner with my wife.
My daughter and I went to see "Beauty and the Beast" together.  Going to the movies, just her and I, is something we haven't done in a really long time.  
I got a new job, that's a huge step foe myself.
My little daughter was awarded at school.
My knee didn't hurt all day.
I got to eat good food at Farm Burger. I ate French Fries and a Grilled Cheese. 
I felt happy talking to my friend.
Another happy moment I had was completing my workout.  I felt a sense of accomplishment. 
I knelt on the ground and opened my arms to my friend's cat and the cat approached me in a friendly way to receive a cuddle.
I was happy last night after I took a big shit.
I made enough time to watch a bunch of TV.
i got call regarding job to kenya saying imm shortlisted by the company . they will schedule the interview soon 
I enjoyed a film by director Shyamalan that I was hoping to see months ago.

My daughter was hilarious marching in the bathtub.
Going to the cafeteria and being served my favorite meal made me happy as well. 
I bought a new t-shirt that I like from a concert.
I found an extra 20 dollars in my pocket when I was at the store allowing me to get more supplies.
I watched a cute anime that made me laugh.
I found something healthy to eat after searching, since I really don't want to eat the unhealthy bun.
I was able to pull together a meal with the things on hand instead of running to the store and saved myself some time.
Something was on sale 50% off that I wanted to buy!
I finished a project that I worked on for days.
I met my good friends for a taco night.
I went out to go clubbing with some of my friends and caught up with them.
Last night I was happy when I was going out to dinner with my husband.
I had my girlfriend over for a birthday dinner last night
I found out that I'm going to be going on a run with a friend later today.
Ate delicious dried prunes just a while ago.
I saw a slug outside my front door. He has been visiting this spot on a daily basis for the past few days now. I am quite fond of snails and slugs.
I met a friend after a long time and we had great fun together in the terrace :)
I got to watch Hawaii 5-O with my sister's family. We're both from Hawaii & on the same island that the show is filmed on, so make little conversations each time we see a place that we recognize. 
Taking my kids into the city to go to the zoo, eat at their favorite restaurant and do a little Pokeman.
I organized all of my photos on my computer. 
Cutting roses from my garden to bring inside and enjoy.
My dog managed to stay clean after getting his bath yesterday. 
Having my family over for dinner and hanging out made me happy.
My mom made fried rice for lunch and it tasted really good, plus I did not have to spend money on lunch.
Doing some yoga in the morning.
toady had dinner with my parents
I reviewed new ways to increase my income and will begin taking action today.
This morning I read a very enlightening and uplifting article on my favorite blog about personal transformation.
Sleeping in past my alarm since its the weekend
My wife and I had some great sex. 
I went to the gym and worked out.
TODAY WE ARE GOING TO PARK. MY SON PLAYING WITH ME. I FEEL VERY HAPPY. BECAUSE HE WAS PLAYING. HE WAS 11MONTHS BABY.
Did a 2hr run in thw snow but with amazing weather that has warmed up a little, I made my own path and thought it was really fun just running wherever I wanted.
I was playing on my electric guitar and finally found a tone combination from both the guitar and amp that helped me express how I was feeling inside.
I ate my favorite meal, hot chicken.
I was able to get a lot of sleep last night.
I was able to play with my child at the park because the weather was so nice, and it made me very happy.
I heard that my cousin is getting married.
Talking to my significant other.
I had brunch with my family today at a dim sum restaurant.
Yesterday I discovered a NY style deli in my little town and I ordered and devoured the first quality rueben sandwich that I've had in years.
I studied for two hours this morning. 
A coworker reached out to me to let me know they miss me at work (I have been on medical leave for two months).
I had a nice lunch with my grandmother.
I enjoyed making waffles for my daughters and watching them laugh and play. 
The person taking my order at the drive-thru was very friendly.
Drove to the mountains with my wife and enjoyed the sunset. 
My husband called DirectTV and was able to upgrade our service and get $30 off of our bill for life. 
I watched a very interesting documentary on Netflix that just came out this week and it was amazing.
I got together with my friend after being away for two weeks. She gave me an update on an ongoing issue - her situation is improving. I was so happy to hear that her situation is improving. 
I was in a Skype conversation with my friends for half of the day, and we were all gaming together.
I love to watch my dogs and cat play together and chasing each other around the house.
My boyfriend took me out to breakfast!
I saw an excellent independent film.
I went to my friends Birthday at an axe throwing place, it was my first time throwing axes. I did a lot better then i expected.
I got to sleep in today instead of going to work early.
I finished a good book
When i came home from the gym and my dog greeted me very excitedly. 
I got to spend time with my friend and walk around outside on a beautiful day.
Again at the zoo, my husband's friend Nathan bought us my husband and I ice cream. I was impressed by his generosity and the ice cream was good. 
my son, in him studies got first rank.that is one of the happiest movement.
I ate gourmet donuts.
My puppy started showing positive signs and symptoms after a bout of depression after being diagnosed with a heart murmur.
I made a new recipe for dinner last night and everyone told me how delicious it was. 
I also spend time in mall where i eat, drink and shopping the time i spend outside my home make me relax and happy.
I have finally decided that I will start golfing again.  I have been kicking the idea around for over two years.
I was cleared of a disease I thought I might have
Yesterday, me and my friends did a hiking trail clean up service project.
I enjoyed the sunny weather today. 
I practiced guitar and learned how to play a few songs.
I finished my book and I can now go on and begin the next book in the series, and I'm excited to start the next one because of the ending of the first book.
I watched my favorite Youtuber. Her name is Tana Mongeau and she made me laugh. 
The first event that made me happy is I was given a free $5 bet to bet on a horse race.  I placed my bet and the horse won.  The free $5 turned into, as of now, $18.50.  I don't know if they are going to take back the original $5 today.
I discovered that money issues I have recently been having are put off a little longer, because my father gave me some money. This put me at ease too 
Receiving a phone call from my three year old niece. 
Hearing that my niece, proved her thesis statement and did very well yesterday.
THE POSTAL WORKER DID NOT DROP OFF ANY MAIL SO I GOT NO BILLS!
I listened to the birds sing.
I received a text from a friend that I hadn't heard from in a long time.
I had a conversation with my husband where we got the chance to catch up on what had happened in his day and in my day.
I had a delicious cheeseburger and strawberry malt for lunch.
I got MTurk Suite working again after finding out how to properly install it to Firefox.
My brother visited and we had lunch with my Mom and his niece and nephew. It was very good Chinese food. The best calamari ever!
My husband coming home. He had to stay overnight in another county for work.
The weather is nice enough today that we are able to cook steaks on the grill outside.
I went to an indoor lacrosse game with my brother.
This morning when I woke up, my husband had breakfast all ready for us. This made me super happy.
I went at casino and won 700 $
I watched a very good movie at the cinema
In the past 24 hours, I went to a new Walmart and found a Funko Pop 3-pack of Tarful, Emperor Palpatine, and a Clone Trooper that I had honestly been looking for for months and I finally found it and I was so ecstatic I literally teared up in the store, it literally made me that happy. 
When I woke up this morning, my son and husband were playing a video game together and my son had a huge smile on his face because he was "helping" dad.
I went at the park with my niece
Another event that made me happy was spending time creatively writing.
I was happy when there was a good movie on the television Saturday that I had never seen before by one of my favorite film directors.  
My girlfriend knew I was sick, so she brought me soup just to be sweet which made me very happy.
It made me happy that my boyfriend spent time with me.
I got to sing in my car with the windows rolled down and enjoy some sun after a long winter.
I met my father for lunch for the first time in 10 years.
Went to church, had sunday school after that we talk I walked out side like alway waiting on the main service ,had a good time understand the sermon  and every thing. after that sat and listen to some poeple talk.
Being out side on the warm spring day.
I went to a fair with my family and ate a lot of food
Making myself a perfect lunch.
I finally decided to bake a loaf of bread. This is something I've been meaning to try and I finally did it.
I was visited by my finance and that help improved my mood making me happy
I spent my last yesterday event almost a half day with great anxiety regarding my result publication. I started speculating so many things and many of them were negative. I could hardly keep away the tensions about my upcoming result but I really feel so happy in this event. The result was so important that my college admission would mostly depend on it.
I rode my bike through the woods.
I practiced playing the ukulele.
Getting a great amount of sleep 
I thought George Takei was running for Congress.
I made a really big sale at work that brought in a nice profit for me.
I watched the end of the UNC Oregon NCAA basketball game. 
My husband made me pigs in a blanket! It's a meal with little sausages inside a roll. It's very yummy. I ate about 4 rolls with sausages. They were still hot when my husband brought them to me. 
Another thing that made me happy is playing and walking my dog outside.
My side thing consistently texted me through the night. 
My car needs to be fixed, and after a week of thinking it would be very expensive I found out that it won't cost so much after all!
Got to hang out with my best friend. 
I heard back from a job that I applied to. It wasn't my dream job but it felt really good to get a yes. 
Re-studying psychology and its theories made me feel like I was in college all over again. That's a good thing since I have found myself missing taking classes.
I was playing with my dogs and they started chasing each other around the yard.
I managed to get a large section of the chopped down palm tree into the garbage can.
Last night, as I was getting ready to lay down and go to sleep, I looked over at my dog in my bed with me and saw her cute little face. She was laying on her back with her legs in the air, all snuggled up against my husband.  It was the cutest thing ever and it made me smile.
I bought  ethical chocolate for a dollar each. 
I pet my dog a bit n she spazzed out, wiggling and shaking her stumpy tail.
A cute guy that I think I might have some interest in came up to me and started talking to me. I really enjoying talking and making jokes with this guy. 
When I played video games on my day off. 
I had ice cream with my friend Liz.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was me and my roommate went grocery shopping and laughed a lot while we were there.
Coming home and seeing my dog greet me with so much excitement, his tail is wagging so hard his whole body is moving.
I watched a really good movie a few hours ago
I went to play golf at top golf.
I found a place that would do guitar lessons for my son for only $20 an hour.
We got a huge snowstorm last night and all day today.
My mother stitched together several holes I had in my pants which I was grateful for.
We ordered pizza tonight.
We got to spend time with good friends whom we had not seen in a long time.
Getting ready for a big vacation.
I got a good night's sleep, without interruption, and even though I woke up early, I felt rested.
I had an awesome Green Tea Latte at Starbucks today.
I got to see my nephew, Keegan.
Our neighbors and their children just left our house which made me happy, they had stopped by unannounced and let their kids destroy my house.
I just learned that the new season of Doctor Who is premiering in mid April instead of August!
A friend loaned me some money I needed.
I got some fantastic food from the store.
I got a massage for like a full hour, and was fully relaxed.
My granddaughter is finally potty trained. 
I received some birthday money today.
Even though I had a treat in the morning I also had ice cream after lunch.
Stopping at Starbucks and having an iced mocha latte on the way home from shopping at the mall.
Woke up without a hangover. For me that's a great start
I sold two insurance policies today.
I was able to find some tools I need to teach a craft class.
I got to play cards with my very close friends.
My youngest son gave me a hug goodbye in front of his friends when I dropped him at for Boy Scouts.
my wife was talking about how she's trying to do a little bit lower carb, which is needed.
I listened to some really great inspiring music that I had not heard before.
I enjoyed a brisk walk outside this afternoon. 
I got to pet my landlord's new puppy and see them attempt to take the puppy on her first walk.
I sent my son a gift card before he ships out for a month with the Navy.
I played my guitar for a while and it made me really relaxed and happy.
My tax refund of 1000$ for approved.
Today when I was working on mturk I got some extra dollars as bonus from a requestor.That bonus made my day .The bonus was really motivating and appreciating for me.It was very happy for me to receive bonus for my work.
My power bill was lower than I thought it would be.
My daughters in-laws moved to a new house.  It is in the country, closer to me and there is less crime.  They watch my 2 grandchildren while my son in law and daughter work.  They will be much safer now.
I sat on my couch and watched the activity outdoors.
Watched a comedy special....laughed hard!
Our daughter came to eat with us at the senior retirement center where my husband and I live.
My husband and I began to plan our summer vacation.  We talked about what house we would rent.  We discussed the activities we would do and the best snorkeling locations.
I work with disabled adults and one of my clients comforted another client who was feeling sad.
During the workout today, my friends and I were able to essentially confirm plans that will most likely be an amazing night out.
Having a couple beers at Tulalip Casino with a co-worker after we finished work on Friday.
ending our day with some grilling out in our backyard the food was great and there was no bugs could not asked for more at that moment.
I facetimed my sister and baby nephew. 
When my puppy came up while I was working on the computer and laid down in my lap and fell asleep.  She was just so cute when she did it that it just set me at ease and made me happy.
My parents ordered pizza and bought ice cream to watch the basketball games. 
I got an email about a job interview next week. 
I was happy when I bought new shoes.
Playing guitar with my buddy after work.
I felt happy when a long lost friend messaged me out of the blue.
I helped a stranger load her car at Walmart and it made me feel good when she said thank you and smiled.
My daughter passed her six month developmental screening. 
I was happy when I got my grade back on a tough assignment. 
We were able to get some groceries for the first time in awhile.
I rode a Ferris wheel at a carnival and it made me feel like a child again!
On television I watched Gonzaga, the team I'm rooting for in the NCAA basketball tournament, hold on for a win to advance to the championship game.
I talked to an old friend on the phone and we caught up on each others lives.
I worked in our flower garden.
I talked with a friend I hadn't seen in some time.
Yesterday I received a small bonus from my place of employement and although it was not a significant amount, I still felt happy about it.
It made me happy to play sword fight with my nephew 
Going out to dinner with my dad at a local restaurant. 
I took a short nap and feel energized
I got a lot of yard work finished today.
Catharsis of packing my stuff to move out as a relationship is ending. 
I looked in the refrigerator and noticed that I have enough ingredients for dinner so I don't have to go to the store in the rain today.
Today when I reached office staff take me surprise party,Its a happiest moment fo me.
I went to Starbucks with my husband. We had fun spending time together. 
 well good well sex com to Can you tell me a little more about the characteristics of successful people at .... This is a big mistake! .... If you describe "long hours of work," make sure you demonstrate that the ...
I read a motivational book
I got an unexpected $10 coupon for a future purchase at my local store.
I had dinner with my entire family
I was given a free drink by the barista at the drive-through window at my local Starbucks.
Won a little contest at the office.
I was happy that the basketball team I wanted to win did.
Having the feeling of losing a loved one is something that everyone eventually experiences. Losing my grandpa in a car accident is by far the most devastating thing I had to learn to cope with. My grandpa and I were really close. We did many things together until the day somebody decided to have a drink while driving behind the wheel. Not only did the drunk driver pay dearly for his senseless act. He also took my grandfather's life when he collided into the side of his car.
             Though my grandfather's death was five years ago, I still remember him. An image of him is still locked in my mind, but my memories of him are faint. After breakfast on Saturdays, we would play in the park and feed the ducks. I would hold my grandpaas hand and I remember how his hands felt very much like paper, yet very callused from long years of hard work. When it rained out, he baked me fudge brownies and cookies. My grandpa was always there when I needed a wound to be tended to or when I was sick and not feeling well. I miss my grandpa dearly with all my heart, and I wish I could tell him now how much I miss everything we used to do together.
Playing No Man's Sky on my PS4 while relaxing in the living room.
I was happy when the shirt I bought fit and looked lovely
The men at the oil change facility were cracking some really good jokes which made me laugh.
i was happy when i can listen to my favorite singer live
Last night, I discovered that I could watch the last 4 episodes of  The Walking Dead for free on Kodi. 
My new tapestry arrived today and was far more beautiful than I had expected.
My dog was happy to see my husband when he had been gone for a conference.
Got myself an ice cream cone at baskin robbins 
Feeling much better not being sick.
We made plans to go to a movie tomorrow.
I saw the trailer, for IT, and it looks promising.
Being somewhat productive today and yesterday in terms of appointments and obligations made me happy.
I updated my website, fivecentsmatter.com
On Friday night I was able to buy one and then get one free on two different expensive dog treat items at Kroger.
I won a gift basket at the fundraiser.
No longer fighting with the wife after a big blow up.  Don't want to talk about the 'why'.
I was thinking all day that it was Sunday and I had work in the morning. I did all my meal prep for the week, did the kids school work ( homeschool) and then around 7:30pm I was shocked when I remembered it was Saturday.
I completed a mission in a game on the phone.
I was happy when my partner rubbed my sore back for me.
I was happy to find a pair of my favorite jeans for $45. They normally cost $129.
I was able to exercise after having my knee operated on after less than 2 months ago.
I got to see my mother and ate dinner with her.
I went to the casino this afternoon and won more than I spent.
Had one of the tastiest cheeseburgers from Outback Steakhouse.
I got to take a nap. 
My husband cooked breakfast for me this morning and also let me sleep in for an extra hour, that made me very happy!
I went to lunch with my mom
I went for a long walk this afternoon and it was very pleasant, got some blood in my legs.
I had a great workout at the gym. 
I finally found the time to relax and finish the book I'd been reading for a week.
Yesterday for dinner I was able to eat a really good sandwich.
I bought a new computer.
I finished all of the laundry that had been piled up.
I kissed my boyfriend
Watching UNC play in the NCAA basketball final four.
I watched 'Inside Out' with my son.
I went to church tonight and heard an amazing message about how Christ can and does use us.
My husband and I went downtown and found a free parking spot only a block and a half from our destination.
What made me happy was telling my coworkers an April Fool's joke. 
I cooked a new kind of omelette using mushrooms and eggplant. 
My dad bought donuts for me.
I was happy when my results came back from a Doctors visit.
Seeing the new spring flower blossoms gives me a feeling of joy and anticipation for the upcoming seasons.
Yesterday afternoon i went to swimming pool. Because here climate is very hot. I was spent more than two hours. I enjoyed with my swimming and enjoyed lot in water. Its makes me very relaxed and happy. My mental pressures has been gone away. Finally i finished swimming and ready to go to home. Swimming pool management is offered me 50% they collected me half charges for swimming. I was excited. I asked them why 50% offer. What happened? They said sir you're very decent. You didn't waste water and your swimming is perfect. We like you so much. That's why 50% offer. Please come again and again to our swimming pool. Thank you sir. Really i was very happy and i love to go again and again. Thank you. 
I went to work and put candy into eggs for our easter egg hunt  with the children next week.  It was fun listening to music and stuffing eggs.
I helped my son for doing his project.
I finished a reading project that needed to be completed.
I received a raise at work yesterday.  It made me happy to start making more money.
my desired electronic was available so i can purchase it now
My baby took three steps on his own for the first time.  Then he fell on his butt and clapped for himself.  It was adorable.
My favorite tv show was doing a marathon.
After lunch and nap time we made a snack with celery and peanut butter for bunny ears, then we used paper plates to make Bunny faces. It was a lot of fun watching her play with the jug of pompoms trying to find the perfect nose. 
My son helped me do yard work and saved me a lot of time on it. 
I got pulled over on the way home from work, but only got a warning.
I made a banana bread and it turned out and tasted great.
I was able to relax and continue work on my model airplane.
My dog suffered an injury at the park earlier this week and is starting to use her leg again.
Taking my family out to eat for lunch and not having to wait to be seated.
My child has reported having a good week at school.
I found a great deal on a pair of shoes today that I have been wanting for a long time.
I went to lunch with my mom. We went to her favorite sushi bar and enjoyed a nice meal there.
I made some really delicious homemade popcorn topped with some really good spices.
I got a call from my childhood friend. Who's living in Europe.
At night when I was buying my new earphones at Sony store.
My nephews got to meet our new puppy for the first time.
i plant a yellow rose in my balcony . today morning when i woke up i saw the bud coming out of the leaves which makes me feel good and happy. and , i plan to have grow soem ore roses in the pot this week. 
I spent the evening doing fun stuff with my daughter like playing Magic and making food.
I am at home earlier than I had expected, with time to relax.
I had my weekly Weight Watchers weigh-in this morning and I lost a pound this week.
My rabbits were described as 'in excellent health and beautiful condition' at their vet check-up. 
I reached home for weekend.
I laid down on the couch because I was tired.
My daughters gave me hugs and kisses before bed.
I met some old friends.
I am watching the basketball tournament with my boyfriend, which makes me happy.  I love spending time with him. I had a nice day overall, and it made me happy that it was not so strenuous as it has been all around.
I ate a very delicious plate of barbecue chicken.
I watched Sleepy Hollow.
My youngest child is finally learning to walk. He is almost 18 months old and we were worried he would need physical therapy, but he is finally learning. He is so happy and proud of himself.
while my husband told to me that "don't prepare anything for eating for the dinner on this sunny day. Its too hot, just avoid it, and i will bring food from hotel."
I rearranged room furniture to good some space.
Got the drop that i wanted from a game that i was playing.
I talked to my niece on the phone.
My son born and I got an excitement of foreign tour
Yesterday Evening i went to circus with my family and i was very happy to see my son is enjoying the circus.
I tend to memorize things well. With me being able to memorize things, I donat require a lot of studying. If I know I have a big exam to prepare for, I do many things to prepare for it. For example, in my biology class, I print my notes online before going into class. Then in class I take sloppy notes all over my printed out notes. I pay attention in class, and then when I get home I re-print my notes from online. I re-copy my sloppy notes on my new notes. Then I donat look over them again until the night before the test. I may, if I have time, look, over my notes right before the exam. I, then, take the test. Usually I make a pretty good grade: A or B. I can memorize the sayings that go with my notes, and that makes it a lot easier to learn for a test. I tend to remember numbers and things such as that fairly easily. As far as taking notes, I use PowerPoint for everything I type. I can better my notes using PowerPoint versus any other type of writing. It is neater, and I can highlight things better, and I donat have to worry about any words smearing. When I write a paper, I always make a list or bubble map of things I need to put in the paper. Then I write down different sentences on another sheet of paper. I also type my first draft, so that I can proofread it easier. After correcting my writing many times, I type the final paper. Once again, I always make a list (brainstorm) of things I am going to be writing about. I find it very helpful.
I sold something on Ebay.  I hadn't sold anything in a week and was starting to worry as I desperately need this extra income.  I was happy and relieved.
I received encouragement and reassurance from my managers after I had a guest issue on a tour.
I got to watch my favorite sport on tv, and we won!
I played with my cat. 
I went on a run for the first time in 2 weeks, and the sunny weather during my run put me in a good mood.
I went to watch the new Logan movie with a friend, and I thought it was a great movie.
Found an extra beer in the back of the fridge.
I felt happy today while I was driving in my car listening to some of my favorite songs. 
my daughter finished her dinner without any fuss
My toddler figured out how to go back down stairs safely (not headfirst!). 
I received the purchase order for my new laptop and I was happy.
I went for a great run in the cold weather.
I didn't have to drive my kids to school today because its Saturday. 
I was delighted to see the look on my young son's face when I showed him the fabric he can use to sew a toy.
I bough a new car.
I took a walk and listened to birds, realizing spring is here.
I got to go on a bike ride (which I love to do) for the first time in a long time this morning.
I was able to find chocolate milk at the store.
I was out of the house all day and was able to finally see my dog when I got home.
I watched a few episodes of my favorite tv show on netflix.
I won in the district level chess tournament which was held at my hometown.
I found a penny on the ground.
My sister came over and brought my baby nephew to visit and play around.
The grocery store baker gave me a free cookie.
I had a good conversation with my friend Julie on the phone while she was doing her laundry.
When my toddler fell asleep immediately without a fight when I put him down for his nap this afternoon.
I got to socialise with a new friend.
I submitted a piece of my design work to an exhibition in Japan, and I was informed this morning that they have accepted my submission.
I finished a difficult tax return for my old boss.  I was very happy to have put that behind me.
I purchased a new refrigerator online from a big retailer this evening.  I have had my eye on this appliance for a long time, and was waiting for it to be on sale.  Not only was it on sale today, but there was an additional cash back rebate for buying it online. 
my family is also ready to accept that girl.
I watched the Chicago Bulls come back and win to keep their playoff chances alive.
I was happy today when I watched Gonzaga win which led to them making their first College Basketball Championship game ever.
I received a surprise gift in the mail from a friend.
I felt really happy when I made breakfast and everything turned out perfect. 
Yesterday, I got a call for a job interview.  I have been looking for a new job for over a year, and this is a job I would love to have.  I have been looking at this company and checking their web site for the last six months.  I finally found a job that I was qualified for and they want to talk to me about it.
got all the yard work finished.
I went to my mom's house to visit. She had been out with her boyfriend all afternoon visiting and having ice cream. They are both pretty old and in poor health, so I was very happy that they had a good day.
The weather was warm and sun was shining so I was able to start painting the railings of my balcony.
I spent some time with my husband.
I got some time to myself to sit, cross stitch, and then read.
gave food to a hungry person panhandling outside safeway
I played some video games.
I ate really good sushi.
I turned on the tv and my favorite movie was on.
I signed back up for the WWE Network streaming service and watched a live event with the service.
The weather was warm today and I was able to go out for a walk and enjoy the warmth.
I got to go home early from work.
I got a nice workout in!
I was able to sit down on the computer and have a glass of wine.
Playing a computer game with my husband.  We work together on it so we can both enjoy the experience at the same time.  
When i received my  salary.
I got my test grades back today and I got a B on my test.
Yesterday I met with my sisters and their families to celebrate a birthday. It was a fun evening, without any fuss, just us, a cake and a lot of conversation. We made plans for the future, which led us to live in another country, starting a business together, leading a quiet and simple life
 I help someone out with a chore and that made that person's day and mine as well.
Going to the gym after binging at the baby shower today! I wasn't feeling it, but decided to drag myself there. I am always happy when I go, even though the toughest part is getting there. I feel less guilty for what I ate today.
A game company that I follow closely released a set of April Fools game development notes that were hilarious to read.
My girlfriend made food for me when I came home
purchased some dresses for me and family
We have a nine month old son who just learned to crawl this week.  Tonight it was just surreal seeing him being able to move after his toys and chase his older sister.  My wife and I got so many smiles and laughs tonight watching him go.  
After I made my sale, I was able to leave work early and go hang out with friends. 
I accomplished a major goal today, which was to clean the gutters on my house.
 A few hours ago I was able to go to a meeting with my son for our church. It was very good to spend that time with him. 
At night i eat my favorite food, It was so good, I enjoy the moment
Eating a special treat with my significant other
I shared pictures on my instagram account. 
i am very happy in playing cricket and reading books
I received a gift from my girlfriend without any reason.
 This morning, was Saturday, and we were able to sleep in longer than usual. 
 I got to FaceTime my daughter who lives all the way over in Wisconsin, which is pretty far from here where I am in Arizona, so it was great to get to talk with them and the grandkids over the FaceTime. 
completed a big issue and was praises by my manager
My in laws had a family reunion this afternoon and we got to visit with a lot of people that we don't normally get to see and talk to. 
I had the day off so I was able to relax and just play some video games and read. 
My baby is having his best healthy life as he has now completely recovered from all diseases. 
I was highly happy for my brotheras success as it was a turning point of life for him. If he failed to get the desired admission, the situations would have been unimaginable. My dad was too serious about the issue. He warned my elder brother to be serious in his studies but the boy did not pay any heed to the suggestions of dad. He was always involved with his friends and mates. Even it was quite natural for him to come home late at night. When he appeared in the exam
I was able to clean my house and take a nap.
when i gave the money to my parents and they thank me a lot for this
Going to the store and buying healthy food
I finally got my car finished.  I had to install new headers, x-pipe and Cat-Back exhaust on it.  I have been waiting for a long time for this.
I watched Netflix Live Cancelled and really enjoyed what I watched.
I hiked 7 miles with my backpack for the first time this season yesterday.  
Another event that made me happy within the past 24 hours was having a nice conversation with my mother on the phone.
I took cute pictures to post on instagram of my trip so far that I love just looking at.
Made myself a gourd of very good yerba mate.
I sat in my hot tub to relax this evening.
Talking to my family yesterday was good and gave me happiness.
I finally found the time to paint my bathroom vanity.
I was able to find a Magic card worth $3 in the bulk 25AC/ bin at the local card store. I bought it and am planning to sell it online to make a little bit of profit.
To be able to help to make my friend's birthday benefit happen and make sure that the people that came were happy with the event.
I made potstickers for dinner and they were fantastic.
We have been having a hard time with money so I have been working extra random jobs and I made just enough to pay the rent and my loan. It feels good that I did not have to ask for money from my mom and I made it another month on bills. 
i was able to accomplish a few personal projects that have bene on hold.
I spent the Saturday outdoors where it was sunny. 
My friend sent me photos from Florida, and I loved them. 
I ORDERED A WATCH THROUGH ONLINE. I GOT IT AND IT LOOKS VERY BEAUTIFUL THAN I EXPECTED. WHICH MAKES ME HAPPY.
I "caught" a $10 mturk job.
when i spend our time with my parents so i feel very happy. beacuse they loves me a lot so i feel very happy.
The pair of barn sparrows have returned to the nest they built last year.
I watched a really cute video on Youtube about a lion with two dog friends.
I went swimming at a local YMCA.
I won a few online games against my friends after dinner tonight.
My wife cooked dinner for me.
I watched an old black and white Bette Davis movie, "Now Voyager. Bliss
I spoke with my brother about his new car.
Then we decide gone outside dinner with my family and share with my hubby to what i did today good things. Getting appreciation with my hubby that was wonderful day for me.
I was happy when playing games with my family. 
tomorrow i can get up at 10 AM because is sunday!
I saw a really cute dog at the park and its owner let me pet it.
I am a stay at home mom.  My son was being a nut yesterday (Friday). My husband walked through the door after work and took over. 
I had a good friend text me earlier today to tell me he missed me. It was a really great moment because he is a friend I really love and haven't seen in a long time. It made me really happy to hear from him after so long.
I was so happy to see that Gonzaga did well in their game today.
My son is starting school and is working twords something good. 
I learned new punching moves on my speed bag, and was able to do a very good workout on it today.
I wife bought me a new pair of shoes.
I started to notice results of my working out! I happened to look in the mirror and realized that I actually looked really good.
My father came home today from our village after a long vacation.
I was told that I did a good job at work.
i took part in one of the music program conducted by in one of our temple, it gave me some happy moments with my friends, the holy atmosphere in the temple made the function more happier.
Eating a bowl of ice cream.
Won a gold fish through lucky dip. This was for a charity and i am happy that i won it. Yeh
What made me happy was able to finish a book i was reading for a week.
I listened to my favorites songs as I cooked this afternoon and I smiled and moved my hips while chopping veggies.
My dog learned a new trick today.
Shower water suddenly comes.
Not having to go to work.
my new dog coming my home
I found a health product that I am hopeful will allow me to regain lost flexibility.
I spent almost a month with great anxiety regarding my result publication. I started speculating so many things and many of them were negative. I could hardly keep away the tensions about my upcoming result. The result was so important that my college admission would mostly depend on it. I could not sleep well in the night before the result publishing. I think this is a common anxiety for students and I was familiar with this type of anxiety. However, this particular exam results game me more nightmares than any other time of my life. 
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
yesterday we booked for a trip to a hill station . The arrangements regarding the trip made my whole family enthusiastic and their happiness makes me more happy. we are waiting to start with the same spirit
I Calm because today is my birthday. Thank you mom
I think it's time to be happy again.
I hit my goal for Amazon MTurk which has been pretty difficult. 
I spent last night watching movies with my six year old son.
I daily walk in the evening but probably after 6 months today I went for a morning walk.
I won a $50 lottery ticket. 
I cleaned up my room yesterday and that made me feel good.
I received a new job opportunity.
My husband was in a good mood. 
I was happy when my spouse asked me if we go out to a shopping place that was a little further away.  This place sells ethnic food items and I was happy to go there as an outing.  This was particularly significant since we had not gone out in a while.
I went shopping witha  work bonus.
I made resin charms. 
I took a nice nap this afternoon.
I bought a ton of games in steam and got it cheap.
Around noon time I got a call from a old friend of mine. It's been year since we talked. He was coming in to town next month for a convention. So he though he'll drop by and visit me as well. 
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

It was nice weather outside.
My son gave me a hug and told me he loves me.
When I came to my office. I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about me uncle's summer vacation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
In my office i lead a whole team in presentation meeting and our presentation being accepted from all CEOs its very happy moment for me.
i ran around and played with my puppy outside.
Listening to the great Lauren from IHOP worship music.
My best friend from school called me after a longtime of 8 years
It's easy to impress me. I don't need a fancy party to be happy. Just good friends, good food, and good laughs. I'm happy. I'm satisfied. I'm content
Today is my birthday. hope my birthday blossoms into lots of dreams come true.
In the past 24 hrs we all friends plan a prank n fool my one friend n this plan worked out so well that she was been fooled .it was fun to play a prank on the 1st April .
Tonight me and my friends going to movie.
I was happy to spend time with my children today.
I was able to reconnect with an old friend I had not seen in 10 years, got the chance to hang out and he had dinner with me and my family.
When my family cooked and buying my favorite clothing for me.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.

A birthday is just another day where you go to work and people give you love. Age is just a state of mind, and you are as old as you think you are. 
I had some ice cream.
I went on a great dinner date with my significant other earlier this evening.
I found a gas station that had fuel on sale for 18 cents less than the average around the city where I live.
My mom sent me an Easter card in the mail. 
My son who is preparing for his board exams,assured me today that he will get the cash prize of 1 lakh by scoring 1st mark which made me happy and I am eagerly waiting for his result to get published. I am very much happy and excited at his words
My cat got a new box he was excited about.
My girlfriend is working on becoming a better person and it makes me happy.
My daughter took a piece of dough when i was making bread and made a heart out of it, then brought it to show me and said, "I love you Mommy."
Managed to fix something I had been meaning to fix without too much effort.
A friend from the past reached out to me and we are reconnecting and catching up on lost time. 
I ate KFC today.
Actually yesterday after my work, suddenly my HR gifted me perfume gift, very surprisingly, which made me feel really happy.
i brought new dressers yesterday 
A game website got changed, but I found a way to play the same games.
I received a bonus on mturk
My brother got his first paycheck yesterday and so treated me and my mom to lunch.
I WENT TO YOGA
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
watching my nephew play at the park on the swings.
i went to shopping
I am going for the Christening of one of my relatives today.
A friend unexpectedly dropped by. 
I went to beach with family.
I WENT TO BROWSING CENTER
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE 
I went to temple.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
 
 
I'm happy to help you, and I'm happy you came to visit.
I WENT TO YOGA
Meeting with my dear relatives after a long time.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I bought fresh fish from the market at a very low price and it made me happy as the fish was very tasty
Create a new blog which is planned 2 years back
I enjoyed a good tv show.
My son came home from college to visit for the weekend, it has been awhile since we spent time with him.
Discussion made in family on long back
A deep kiss with my girlfriend last night makes me feel awesome
I got the call from doctor  that my wife is pregnant and I just heard "Dad" in my ear. I am at the top of world.
In the past 24 hours another event that made me happy was when my wife came home from work.  She had to leave early in the morning, so I was feeling a bit lonely during the day.  When she finally got off of work I felt happy to see her and ready to spend the rest of the day with her.
I got to have lunch with my spouse.
I spend time with my grand mother. She prepared an Indian traditional dish for my dinner. It was very delicious.  
I read that Jimmy Fallon is hosting SNL in a couple weeks.
I found a necklace that belonged to my grandmother that I thought I lost years ago.
I have a spreadsheet that tracks all of my debts, mortgage, credit card, etc.  I used to check the numbers every 3 - 6 months.  This year, I decided to do so at the end of every month.  It is a very effective way to get feedback on how well I am or how poorly I am at paying down debt.  in the month of March, my total debt went down by nearly $2000.  That's not normal.  Usually the decrease is far less, or even worse, my numbers go up.  It won't happen every month, and it certainly won't be as much as this past month very often, but it sure is nice when it does happen!
I was happy to see a photo on Instagram of one of my grad school friend's engagement.
I was happy when my husband brought me cereal.
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
I got the news of my promotion to a higher post.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.

I always think of each night as a song. Or each moment as a song. But now I'm seeing we don't live in a single song. We move from song to song, from lyric to lyric, from chord to chord.
I got my appraisal message today.
WAS PLAYING WITCHER 2 VIDEOGAME FOR HOURS.
i went to meet my parents to day morning
I visited my mom today.
I was able to check off every item on my to-do list, including hand-washing the entire laundry.
I baked some cookies.
I have left over pizza for breakfast this morning. Double cheese for the win!
I saw a really good play.
I ordered a new Wireless Speaker from Amazon.
My son came over and spent several hours hanging out with me.
I was able to make an extra $30 today running some side delivery with Postmates.
I finally completed 100 push ups and 50 squat ups .
My boyfriend and I made creme brulee today. We had a lot of fun while making them, and also it's my favorite dessert.
I read a book it is very comedy one.
Actually this one is a little unique - I love doing these "What made you happy today?" HITs. Not only are they decent money, but they make me reflect on good things that happened throughout my day. So I thank you for creating these HITs.
Sold old newspapers.
I felt accomplished and cheerful because I managed to have 7 hours of sleep to account for the time I spent awake late night working on the college project, and a good meal afterwards.
My boyfriend sent me a text message from work stating that he missed me.
my dog greeted me when i got home late at night from one of my many jobs. 
Went to theater with my family
I got five orders for making digital from from my neighbors 
I used to give guidance to small retail investors in stock trading in various online groups... One such recommendation of mine fired yesterday and easily gave up to 20% gains to my followers... I received a total of 90 messages thanking me for giving such a recommendation... This gave me tons of happiness and satisfaction...
I called into the office saying I'd be late because I wanted to sleep a bit more. I ended up going to the office 2 hours later and was still able to finish all my work for the day.
I thought about my vacation which starts in one day.  I am really looking forward to not having to work for two weeks.  I planned out my to do list and got organized.  
We went park and zoo to play some funny game.
My wife give me a new branded shirt.
Life is full of good and bad moments. Each day in itself brings various moments in life. Every day we go through mixed feelings. Sometimes, only we have experienced a pure jovial moment or a pure sad moment. Everyone also has the special moment in life. It is just a day when someones dreams are bad. One day while I was walking on the road, I saw a poor woman who is feeding other poor boy. I was very much happy with that woman.
I accidentally left my cell phone in a taxi, but the driver managed to spot it shortly after I got out of the cab, and then chase me down and return it to me.
I saw another one of these HITs come up.  I like doing these HITs.
Walking around in the sun this morning, listening to the birds singing, and seeing the flowers blooming made me feel very happy and peaceful.
It was the first mango serving of the season and I ate a lot of mangoes.
Got two months salary as bonus yesterday for good performance, very happy.
My team wins a exciting football match today.
Watched most excited movie Kung Fu- Yoga acted by Jackie. I enjoyed the movie.
My brother shared me a old video it will led me to old memories.
While running errands I took a break and stopped at a local park to take a quick hike down to the river even though it was raining. 
I was cleaning the house today and when I was adjusting the couch, I found a long lost ring inside the couch.
I had dinner with a close friend.
make a plan about next holiday trip
I met my school teacher after long time.
My kid's annual exam was finished and his vacation is start he is very happy and ensure that he will get the best marks in the school.That is make me happy. 
When I was finally able to watch the movie, Fallen.
I watched one of my favorite online personalities do a charity stream for children with illnesses. The amount of love and donations that flowed in really made me smile and reflect about what people can do when they come together.
I got package I have been waiting a week for.
I don't need to worry about work for some moment
I watched a favorite movie in television and that was a happy moment.
I got a proposal from a guy which i expect.
Got an appraisal
I cooked myself which was tasty and it was a happy moment
When I received my aunt at the railway station and brought her home to stay with us.
I received some photos from my mother that show her having a good time.
My wife added a couple of snails to her fish tank and I really like one because it's huge I call it Snailzilla.
I beat my old high score in a game I've been trying to do off an on for a week.
My brother made tea for me. I love tea made by him. It tastes really very good. 
Ran a mini marathon in the morning.
I solved a problem I was having with my javascript code.
My husband made dinner for the whole family (myself and 4 kids).
Nightout with my bae
This HIT! I think it's great to be able to do tasks like this one which help me focus on gratitude.
For some reason I feel like I'm more tired than other people even though I don't really do anything, so when I lay in bed I get so comfortable that it just makes me happy. I smile and snuggle with my blankets and really feel the bed.
the event was i got selection in football team
Fulfilling my mom's work to give vegetable to my grand mom made me happy.
When my sister called me to let me know that she passed a very important exam. It made me very happy and proud of her as an older brother.
I bought a new watch today. it makes me happy today.
I watched the movie "Sausage Party" on Netflix last night. 
I cooked a light disk for my friends after church and they were surprised to find out i could cook such tasty meals. I told them about my secret plans to own a resturant as soon as I save up enough money :)
Finished an important project for wok.
I had a bonfire with my family and I loved it.
went to fishing last night
I had meeting with my ex girlfriend , and we had nice time together that made me happy.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

I found some sunglasses that I thought were permanently lost. I had bought these sunglasses while I was at Disney World and I was quite upset that I could not find them.  It did make me happy when I found them!
I surpassed a monetary goal I had set for myself.
Got off from work early in the evening,reached home early
I snuggled with my dog as I fell asleep and it put me at ease after a stressful day.
An event that made me happy in the last 24 hours is cooking a home made pizza. The event caused me to appreciate the little things in life, like enjoying a simple meal at home.
I drive for Uber and got a big tip from a passenger.
Yesterday i went to my kids school and the teached remarked that my child was very active and obedient and i was very happy and in the evening i brought my kid a present after hearing the teacher comments.
I took a nice walk in the sunshine. 
I landed a good paying survey on mturk yesterday.
I found my car keys which had been missing for over a week.
I was happy about attending the music festival in Raleigh.
i went into a green garden where i felt like a heaven.
rode bike in very critical road. its magical and really superb experience with 12 bikes. its like racing game. really full enjoyment in evening time
My sister got first price i arts festival competition
Before some hours, when I come my house that time my daughter saw me and she was running and hug me and give me birthday wish, so that time I was really happy.
Watching NXT Takeover, and seeing Booby Roode defeat Shinskue Nakumara.
I finished up a finance project that I was working on.
Drink beer with my friends and playing video games
My fiance was telling me how much he loves me and we danced in our living room together. He knows I was going through some hard things, like losing my job, and his love and support is a huge thing for me.
Had a great steak dinner.
I was able to receive compensation from my part time online work
I watched a good movie.
Manager approved the vacation I wanted after a week worth of saying to delay the plan. 
I got back a jacket that I'd loaned to a friend.
Dinner turned out great.
My favorite sandwich shop had my favorite sandwich (corned beef on rye bread) on sale for 20% off.
my favorite club is the first in the league 
I saved money on a deal online
 I played with my new puppy.
my first present to my mom by my own money
I was happy when my husband said that he was going to take my son and I out to dinner on Wednesday.
Going on a date with a beautiful girl. 
I felt happy when I got a new item last night playing World of Warcraft. 
I discovered some exciting job prospects. 
It made me happy when I woke up this morning and the sun was out.  It is a perfection combination of Sunday and the sun being out.  It made me feel vibrant and ready to enjoy the day.
I picked North Carolina in my office NCAA pool and they beat Oregon last night.
My wife and son made the local news last night.  They were helping to paint a local library.  A news crew heard about it and filmed them for a few minutes.
Going to dinner with my Brother in law Monday and get to see my nephew I haven't seen in six months
Working out at the gym with only a few other people there.
My wife made sticky buns for breakfast this AM. 
I went for a long distance run.
I just ate waffles with maple syrup that a friend of mine made.
My five-year-old son said "I love you" to me without prompting.
My girl friend and I sat and talked about how life is going for us.  We are very grateful.
I was happy to finally find some lost checks for which I had been looking for almost a week.
My old school mate contacted me via Facebook; we talked for 30 minutes!
While meditating, I reached my new high of 150 breaths before becoming distracted.
I spoke with my grandparents, who I do not get to talk to very often.
My family helped clean the house.
my parents wedding anniversary .. we celebrated in happiest way ..meet dads friends. they were quite interesting.. party  everywhere .. hangouts .. dance .. its all about love and care .. there is no age limit for it.. everyone stood up with some celebration.. 
Made a sale on ebay. 
My wife is pregnant and I got to feel our baby kick.
A call from my son away in school
Came home to a 1200 dollar rebate check for something I forgot about.
Got a full night of uninterrupted sleep.
I got on the scale at the gym and saw I was down 7 pounds from the last time I weighed myself with that scale.
My husband arranged a party for me in the afternoon and i was really surprised.
I recently purchased a new car and i absolutely love it.  Yesterday it was nice out so i decided to get it washed quickly.  Cars are something that i love and am an enthusiast about.  During the car wash i felt very happy and content for the moment as i got my car washed and got to see it nice and clean.
Easter egg hunt down town
I found a spice I was looking for at the grocery store that I didn't expect to be there, so I got to make the dinner I really wanted to for myself and my girlfriend when she got home from work.
I got a check on the 1st of april, started buying things like videogames etc.
Spent more than an hour in the church and felt blessed.
I got a new part-time online job for which i was trying for a few months. 
I ate mac and cheese for dinner with my wife.
I am a wildlife rehabilitator and I am caring for orphaned squirrels right now and feeding them a few minutes ago made me very happy because it's wonderful to see them thrive.
I ate a nice meal that I prepared.
My sister called from her home 600 miles away to tell me she will be attending my college graduation, despite previously telling me she couldn't make it .
Having my car washed.
I found a lot of good deals at the grocery store.
My boyfriend has been really ill. There are times I feel I need to take him to the emergency room. He is sick with liver cirrhosis. I can see his mental and physical state depreciating in front of me. Yesterday he was very confused, so I decided to wait it out. Soon after waiting his clarity came back and I was no longer afraid. 
I was able to talk with my crush.
Finally, I felt happy this morning when I successfully made popovers that my husband loved!  I'm not a great baker/cook, and I never seem to have the right ingredients on hand to create masterpieces in the kitchen.  But, this morning, I actually had everything I needed (it's a simple recipe) and decided to give it a try.  WELL, they came out perfect!  He loved them, I loved them and I was able to put some aside for tomorrow morning's breakfast.  
I bought a really good new book and read it at one sitting.
My baby lifted up her head for a long time while cuddling with my husband.
I bought the second volume of Gwenpool at the bookstore.
The whole family went to a special storytime event together.
Saw some old pictures in my drawer and i framed them and my husband liked them so much.
I had received a bonus for my week effort on my job.
The carpet installation company called yesterday evening and we are going to be getting our basement carpet installed next week.  We have been waiting over month for this so I can't wait.
Watched two great basketball games saturday night with the ncaa final four playing for the big game monday. 
I got a discount on my shirt it was great.
I got off of work, it took quite a while.
I cleaned my room for the first time in a month. 
I went out with my boyfriend and friends for a friend's birthday.
Yesterday my pool was finally warm enough to stay in comfortably, I had a lot of fun swimming around and shooting hoops in the pool for about an hour.
I got to eat a delicious dinner last night (lasagna), and in addition to tasting good it dirtied very little dishes and was easy to prepare, all things that made me happy.
I met some really fun people last night that all share a love of craft beer.
My brother was waiting for a long time for his Visa. Suddenly he got the Work Visa for UAE and I am happy for him that he will be now working in UAE. His ticket is after 15 days.
I ate breakfast with my boyfriend 
I got to spend some time relaxing and playing video games even after getting a bunch of chores done.
Dinner last night came out tasting better then expected. 
Last evening, my wife and I scored some great deals at a special Big Lots sale.
After our hike we went to a restaurant and had a tasty meal.
I fell asleep in the arms of my boyfriend, something I don't get to do very often.
I made some big progress on organizing my closet.
I found out they are making a sequel to Rogue One which was one of my favorite sci-fi movies ever.
I drank tea without sugar.  
I watched a guy and his dog stand up paddle boarding together.
I ate steak and mashed potatoes.
Had family over for a cookout
Chocolate mint chip ice cream for the first time in years and eating it in bed with the love of my life! Life is good!
I watched a new movie. 
My boyfriend and I had a good conversation over the phone.
My daughter and I walked to Starbucks and she told me everything going on at school and really opened up to me. 
I talked to my cousins in Chicago.
I receive a phone call from the girl i like,about a book we talk yesterday,she want to borrow it and that gives me positive vibes that she might like me.
Getting to go to a puppy store and look at adorable little dogs that could be bought. 
My girls and I are relaxing together and watching cartoons.
Grabbed coffee this morning at the Exxon gas station and found it to be of better quality.
I made plans to see my family.
I watched my new favorite movie last night, Fantastic Beasts, and really enjoyed it, again!
I resisted temptation and ate a salad for lunch thus being healthy.
I went out shopping at the local record store with my wife and found some new movies that I purchased.
My daughter went to spend time with a friend overnight.
My adult children joined me and my brother in doing the eggs and I really enjoyed watching them create beautiful designs! One daughter got us all the most delicious lunch, I'm planning on the leftovers for today.
I was able to sit down and relax while watching my favorite TV show, House of Cards.
I got to go out with some of my family for lunch and also was able to hang out with my best friend and his girlfriend for a while.
This morning I was very happy to look at the weather app on my phone and see that, after Tuesday, it will finally be spring in Maine. 

I got a full 8 hours of sleep.
We picked up another FOB for the car at the dealership- the previous owner of the car found it
Looking at my wedding photos that I received in the mail.
Today I had watch my favourite movies Rack star . i really enjoyed with this movie
I was able to walk around in nature for the first time this year because of good weather.
I watched a funny video.
A phone call with my college kid on the speaker phone so my whole family was talking at once.
I have attended a local volleyball tournament today. I also met my old school days friends from there.
Me and my son prepared chocolate cake today for his brother he prepared. With his own hands its was so tasty we enjoyed a lot
Finally getting to sit down and play some video games
i was happy today when i heard my favorite song on the radio. 
Getting my chores for the day done. I had to budget, work on my student loans and a few other things.
Went to see a funny animated movie with the whole crew I described coloring Easter eggs with. The theater was nice with comfortable reclining seats and the movie was cute and funny. We all ate lots of popcorn and candy and had a great time together.
I got an email from a friend I haven't heard from in a while, and I responded to him.
I started to walk as a exercise everyday 
My purring kitty cat sat on my lap while we were watching TV.
Holly James wants to see me this coming monday and i want to see her too i missed her
Received a quote for our backyard landscaping theat is well below our budget for it and work will completed this week.
I bought a new car. It was a very big moment for me as i felt i had achieved something in life and can afford the luxuries.
I was deeply in cooking my dinner while having a glass of wine.
It is good weather today and I'm planing to take a walk in 30 minutes. 
I got to watch my best friend on live stream online do something he loves, which made me happy.
My kids had a good time at their grandma's house and didn't act like psychopaths.
Harley, my landlord's dog was finally able to walk after a week of him not moving.
Went to a friends house to watch the Final Four basketball games.  
I went for a hike with my husband and two dogs.
I watched the show "powerless" with my girlfriend and we both really enjoyed it.
My wife and I went and looked at a new neighborhood that we are interested in buying a home in.
It made me happy to chat with friends on the phone.
I had a terrific time grocery shopping yesterday with  my wife and daughter, I love the new supermarket in our area.
It was supposed to rain today but instead it's really sunny and warm.
For the first time I made a soft cake successfully and all family members enjoyed and appreciated the taste was not less than a cake ordered from cake tree 
I ate a nice plate of sushi for dinner. 
I had a really good burger at a picnic yesterday. 
nan came out with a new YouTube video I've been waiting for.
I watched episodes of my favorite tv show.
I talked to my parents for a long time and shared all my happy moments with them.
This morning I got a text from a friend who is on a mission trip out of the country, and he said they are having a great week.
I got caught up on a big pile of paperwork that had been nagging at me, and it felt good to see a clean desk.
My 1 year old son went pee on the potty.
I watched a movie with my best friend. It was nice to unwind, eat popcorn and watch a good movie before going to sleep.
My dog did not poop inside. 
I am not tires anymoe.
I won 3 games in a row of FIFA on xbox live.
This morning I got to sleep in late because it is the weekend.
My morning snuggles with my dog. She curls up perfectly right next to me and spending time with my pup is the best. 
I am going to have more fun playing our xbox.
Taking a drive in the country yesterday made me feel happy.
I found a very expensive, new in the box  doll to give to my grandchild for her 6th birthday, at an estate sale.
I won $200 in blackjack.
Clean my house.  I enjoy how the house looks after I clean and organize. 
My wife came home and made sure I was tucked in and comfortable while I was sleeping.
My boyfriend and my son had a nerf gun war in the middle of my house, and everyone was laughing hysterically.
I received a long hug from my husband.
I got accepted at a glass fusing class that I've been trying to get into for several years. 
I went for a 45 brisk walk in the early evening that was quite refreshing
My cat rolled around on his back in the sunlight and it was ridiculously cute.
I got a gift from my former sister-in-law.
I slept really well last night and woke up really refreshed.
Another thing that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to go out and enjoy the weekend freely.
I took a walk in the park early this morning and watched the sun rise over the river.
The kids were playing and enjoying the holiday with their cousins.
The weather outside is great.
This morning I went for a hike with my dog. 
I finished the long book that I had been reading.
I bought a new music making program for my home studio and had a lot of fun playing with it
Finding out I had lost 2lbs.
I went out for a nice dinner with my girlfriend last night.
I cooked a recipe I saved on the Internet for dinner.
I got a letter in the mail yesterday afternoon that said I was being considered for a prestigious job I applied to.
I was able to clean the carpet on the stairs without anyone around to walk on them before they had a chance to dry and they look great too!
Another event that made me happy was reading a good book.
Enjoyed to Watch New film
My husband massaged my sore neck and shoulders while we watched a TV show. 
My son woke up this morning and is feeling better. He was sick yesterday. 
Today I also received some gift cards I had won through online surveys which made me happy. 
I received an update from a group of people who I work with on our next project.
Had a nice Sunday breakfast with the family.
I got to visit my in laws for the first time in a long time.
I won a game of league of legends
I bought a protein cookie at the grocery store. It was so good and fairly healthy.
My sister and I worked on a crossword puzzle together and it was a lot of fun solving the clues together.
I stopped by Pizza Hut and got a pepperoni and sausage stuffed crust pizza.
I heard from my best friend
The third thing that made me happy was I found out I qualified to buy my first home.
My mom cooked the food I loved for lunch today. I loved it.
I love the Olympics because there are always so many amazing stories of dedication, perseverance, and sportsmanship. The recent Olympics in Rio de Janeiro were no exception.
But one of the best life lessons I observed this year was not an example of any of the noble qualities listed above. This life lesson comes from the tragic and cautionary tale of Chad le Clos from South Africa.
Chad le Clos is a star freestyle and butterfly swimmer, having won a world champion and Olympic gold medal. In the 2012 Olympics he even beat Michael Phelps in the 200-meter butterfly, Phelpas favorite race. When Phelps announced he was coming out of retirement to participate in 2016 Olympic Games, an instant rivalry match was created.
The newspaper was actually on our front stoop instead of in the bushes.
This has been my first lazy weekend in a long time, so I've just enjoyed sitting around doing whatever I want.
I slept late on Sunday morning.
I was really productive at the gym yesterday.  I felt great being able to reach new limits!
I just had a delicious breakfast.  It was so good.  
I cleaned the bathtub and the toilet. It feels good to have a clean bathroom. 
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to cook a nice meal for people to enjoy.
I realized a bill that I thought was due was already paid off.
I got of work on time and got to take a nap when I got home. 
I realized there was a book sale going on in my apartment complex.
My husband presented me a ring.  I am so surprised and loved it. 
I celebrated my cat's birthday. 
I ate a piece of cake.
I discussed the movie with my kids.
I got an email including my new hire paperwork for a job I just accepted.
Last night we decided to eat dinner outside as a family. It was a nice night, stress free, and everyone was in a good mood. It was a leisurely dinner and I was a content kind of happy.
The weather is cooler than before.
My daughter and I made playdough food.
It made me happy that the TV show, Sunday Morning, did an expose on Willie Nelson who is a favorite singer of mine.
To watch a wonderful tennis game between Konta and Caroline Wosniaky for the finals in the Miami Open
I cleaned my car and now when I drive around in a clean car I am happy. 
I mopped the kitchen.
I listened to my favorite opera singer on youtube.
I gave newly planted but wilted flowers extra water last night, and this morning they have revived!
I felt happy yesterday when I spent an hour on the phone talking to my boyfriend and our plans for getting together tonight.
I watched a funny parody show on youtube that made me laugh quite hard.
ENJOYED MY FAVORITE DESSERT MADE BY MY MOM AFTER A LONG TIME. 
My cat fell asleep on my lap.
Having a beer after work.
My student loan payments didn't bounce and my bank account isn't negative.
While driving I spotted a dog trying to cross the road, I thought for sure that the dog would die before he could make it to the other side, however when I looked through my rear view mirror I spotted the dog on the other side of the road. 
I played my Nintendo wii and upped my overall score.
I finished a very interesting science book
I ate a bunch of donuts.
Going for a run
My dad brought Peruvian chicken takeout home and it was good.
I got my new TV delivered.
I accomplished a really big goal that I have had trouble concentrating on long enough to see the results I wanted to see.
I got paid from my full time job and my fun part time job.
Yesterday, we were running late for the circus, but the subway cooperated with us, and we got there just in time.
I took a walk outside to visit the new brewery that opened in my neighborhood. 
My tooth finally stopped hurting this morning. 
I went for a long walk and the weather was gorgeous.
The kitties came out of their cage and snuggled with me for a bit last night.
I was able to broadcast a baseball game for the student radio station, which is something I enjoy doing a lot.
I helped out a homeless person get some food for the week.  It was a great feeling to help out the less fortunate.
I played board games with some friends.
I woke up this morning and the weather was beautiful after two days of rain.
I spoke with my mother on the phone. 
My friend and I were able to pass a difficult level on a video game we were unable to complete for a long time.
Reading 30 minutes on my Kindle paperwhite book reader is always an enjoyment where most of the stuff that I read is non fiction. I feel that I learn so much from tidbits of information that is held within these books that I have made this a daily habit of mine.
Sleeping in with my pets.
I spoke to my brother and my niece on the phone yesterday- he moved out of state a few years ago and we only see each other a few times a year. 
I was happy to speak to a man who I dated in the past, who I had not heard from for weeks.
My dad, sister, and brother-in-law surprised me by coming to my house. We recently moved and the house is farther away, but they showed up and called me at the gate to see me and my daughters.
I made pizza with my wife and it was a delicious dinner.
Dinner last night. My wife made a great dinner last night!
I reached a goal. 
I got a call for a job interview. Knowing that there's a possibility that I could work a regular job again gives me a lot of hope.
I had a really nice conversation with a stranger.
I played video games with my brother who lives very far from me.
Spending the day at six flags with my husband and kids .
I organized my vocabulary notebook, which has been in disarray for months.
working on house projects in the kitchen with my boyfriend 
I watched our horses enjoying the spring weather today for the first time this week since it's been too cold and rainy for them to leave the barn the past few days.
I was happy listening to songs from Iron Maiden
I took a long nap in the afternoon because I felt really tired.
I made plans to go to Philadelphia tomorrow and I cant wait!
I buy a new bluetooth headphones that have great and quality sound.
I played a difficult song on the guitar successfully.
I got a bonus at the casino.
I received a phone call yesterday to inform me that I had passed the first round of interviews for this position I really want.
I learned about a bear rescue & rehab program in our region, contacted them and learned that they could really use some things I had to donate to them; I've been putting together a care package for them.
I got some work done on a friends riding mower. 
Finding out that after I was called into work, that there was MANY people closing the store (15 when there is usually 3) on a Saturday night.
My husband took both of the kids out to run errands, so I could have the house to myself for a few hours.
I watched an April Fools video that was very funny.
I ate some very delicious spaghetti home made by my mother.
My family and I sat down and watched one of our favorite movies together. We laughed as we watched and talked about parts of the movie. It was a really fun time. 
One of my small "stress relief" 3d projects (small 3d scenes I make to stave off anxiety and stress) got a bunch of likes on instagram.
Was able to pay all my bills and have $20.00 left over. 
I got a bonus on a HIT that I submitted yesterday. 
I made pizza for the family from scratch and everyone loved it. 
Got an item in an online game I wanted.
I spent the entire day with my new grandchild.
The weather is finally nice here after being cold any snowy the last few weeks. 
I got a really good night's sleep.
I was happy to go eat out so I did not need to cook.
I got to go into work late.
When I woke up from my sleep I felt rested.
I enjoyed a cappuccino at my favorite coffee shop.
Watched TV in bed with my wife
Realizing I can listen to Pandora uninterrupted (without commercials) because of adblock software. 
I felt a feeling of cautious optimism about the roleplaying group from Saturday.  
I went out to dinner with my family last night at my favorite restaurant. The food was really good and the service was top-notch. I had a great time with my family and it was a nice ending to a wonderful day.
I played Smash Bros. Melee (Video Game) with my friends and beat them repeatedly.
The season premiere of Rick and Morty was amazing, and I had waited so long for it!
I got to see family I do not see often.
I got approved for a credit card even though my credit is not so good. It helped me replace part of my car engine.
My daughter came with me to do yard work. We pulled weeds together, she was very eager to help and we just had a nice quiet time outdoors.
I woke up to coffee already brewed. 
Watching comedy videos on YouTube with my father - we watched a long Stewart Lee routine, and I was in tears of laughter by the end of it.
I was treated well at the shop I work at by a customer that I remembered the name of.
I carved some time out yesterday to read part of a book in quiet. 
I got to have pizza for dinner. 
I finally got around to doing some much needed pampering of myself.
My wife made me the best breakfast today which was gluten free pancakes.
Yesterday we had good dinner and enjoyed nice family time.
Brought new dresses.
My car had been making a funny noise and I was worried about a big repair bill but I found an honest mechanic who found only a minor problem that was easy and cheap to fix.
Taking a walk on the beach.
A new season of a show I like started airing.
When I took a morning shower to feel fresh.
I had a pizza for lunch and I love pizza
i go to shopping  at the time i say blind person and i helped the cross the road.
I got a notification that I have been accepted into the honors program at the college I attend.
I was happy after my husband and I had sex.
My cat cuddled up on the couch with me.
Yesterday, I was able to enjoy sitting in my son's new screened porch.
year end sale form  e commerce site, one of the top end smart mobile received with best discount of 30% and this is one of the best deal recent years. this is one of happiest movement and waiting for deliver the mobile now.
My normal coffee routine in the morning makes me happy.
It was exciting to hear our son maybe say his first word yesterday in the car. It sure seems like he is trying to say the word "Truck". He loves 18-wheelers, Fed-Ex trucks, UPS, etc. 
i eat my favorite meal a sancocho
I heard one of my favorite sports players (Oliver Bjorkstrand for the Columbus Blue Jackets) is skating after a brutal injury. The injury really upset me, and to hear he is back on the ice is great news.
My boss brought in bagels this morning for the team.
I had a refreshing soothing shower after the gym.
Getting invited to a wedding
I made some delicious home made popcorn.
I brushed my dog who has long hair.
Waking up on a Sunday.
The sun finally came out.
I watched my favourite hockey team win their game on television.
I discovered an energy drink in the fridge when I thought they were all gone; I am addicted to energy drinks and would drink them every day if I could.
It was very sunny when I got up this morning.
I ate my favorite meal for dinner.
When my grandmother called me.
I found a TV show that I like on Amazon Prime Video.
I took a long walk through the park which energized me and cleared my mind.
I slept in late this morning, and then ate donuts.
My parents wrote me a check yesterday to cover the tuition for one of my Masters degree classes
My breakfast this morning.
 The final four was on t.v.
I was able to get a lot of important work done in my personal projects, particularly in extensive world building across almost all of the projects I'm working on! I feel a huge sense of accomplishment because of that.
Having sex with my wife. 
I was was served breakfast in bed today.
Waking up this morning to our new kitten snuggled under the blankets with me!
This morning someone bought my first item on ebay.
My in-laws brought their cute dog with them when they visited last night, and he greeted me in my living room.
I had an amazingly pleasant dream.
In my job interview i didn't do well but i am selected till now that one is a very happiest sweet memory in my life.My parents appreciated so much.
I took my kids to a free event in town. They had huge smiles on their face while they participated in the activities. They had a lot of fun.
Taking my daughter out to lunch.
I watched a touching movie in theater.
I went to the movies with a friend. 
I ate a big bowl of ice cream that tasted very good.
nan my favorite dinner, it was so yummy.
I get a child free night tonight at a dinner party. 
I decided to start going back to the gym to lose weight.
Today I made my favorite food 
My wife and I went to our favorite restaurant for dinner and had a wonderful meal.
My football team still leading at peak. I 

had a nice and revitalizing workout
Me thinking about my future and my past. What things made me happy and what things might happen in the future. Jobs, maybe starting my own business and me handling a few other things. 
There's something different about my coffee that tastes great.
Noticing Girl Scouts selling cookies on my way home and buying some. 
i had given some amount of money to the charity.
I seen a brand new comedy stand up.
Gonzaga won its Final Four basketball game.
I had a successful purchase today, and I still received an additional discount. I'm very happy, because I bought a thing that I had long wanted. And it's still very cheap and with a discount. It's cool.
I went for a walk at dawn and saw a frog.
I got a text from a girl I like.
Received a phone-call from a friend that I haven't heard from in quite awhile.
I had a reservation for a compact rental car and when I was ready to pick up the car the car rental company upgraded me to a luxury car.
I got the news that a project I have been working on is moving forward to the next stage.
Spending the day with my sweetheart yesterday made my entire weekend better!
I thought it was going to be really cloudy and rainy today but I woke up and looked outside and was surprised to see that it's sunny.
I'm listening to a Bob Marley record on vinyl right no and it sounds great. 
I got home and slept like a baby after being very tired
I love watch movies with my wife in my bedroom
I'm catching up on my show and really enjoying the story. I'm intrigued and glued to my screen. 
I went out with my friends to the bars and got to talk to some people i havent seen an a while.  
Getting a good night's rest, so I can a nice day spent inside with my family during the rainy weather.
I was playing a game(Gnomoria) earlier today and was happy that my alpacas had their first baby.
I had a chance to take a real nice nap in the afternoon, everybody went somewhere else but I stayed home.
I watched Greg Gutfeld's opening monologue and laughed my ass off - it was one of his best.
I got a text some someone saying they had been thinking about me and hoped I was doing well.
I was able to pay all of my bills this month.
My wife brought me a glass of orange juice that I had not asked for.
In the past 24 hours I spent some time playing a video game that I really like playing and it was nice to get a break and relax and play the game.
My potatoes came out well.
I got to see my friends that I haven't seen in a while today.
I was able to pay all of our bills online and easily. 
I finally got an item I'd been wanting in a video game I play after trying for three days.
My adorable dog Callie cuddling up to me during the same previously mentioned Game of Thrones episode, on my other side.
I took a nap with a blanket and my cat.
My sister said the new haircut fits me well.
Lastly, When I baked a dessert and it came out correctly. The knowledge that my wife was going to be able to enjoy the cake made me very happy.
I watched a movie on Netflix that was funny and make me laugh and smile. 
Having happy hour drinks with my aunts and mom in the sunshine.
I found a pair of shoes I needed for cheaper than I expected.
Getting my Starbucks Iced Caramel Macchiato really made me happy today!  I feel like my day begins after I take the first sip.
My parents coming over to see me, and stay the day.
My father started moving his fingers.
I beat my last personal record for a bicycle climb near my house.
I was able to write birthday cards for my friends. I care a lot about my friends. 
I felt happy when I spent time with my cat.
Another happy moment was waking up to the happy sounds of my baby.  The smile of a child sure makes me happy! 
I opened the door to check what the temperature felt like and felt the warm weather which felt very nice.
I was happy last night after your sister sent me nudes.
I remembered to pay my bills that were about to be due.
my old love called me today , saying she missed me for no reason , even though she is married now but she love me as same.
Make family travel plans for the long vacation of the next week
My daughter couldn't stop giggling in the bath after she discovered she could submerge a ball in it and it would shoot up out of the water. 
When my parents visited me and took me out to lunch, i was very happy. We ate lunch, talked for a few hours, then parted ways.
I received a free copy of a video game which made me happy.
When I got to work I was informed most of what I needed to do was done giving me more free time for the day.
I got blizzards with my friends and we all just enjoyed each other's company for a few hours.
I got a hit a few minutes after logging on to Mturk. 
My husband went out and got my son from work so that I could stay home out of the rain.
I got a lot of good hits yesterday!
I was able to meet my goal financially.
I bought a brand new TV.
I finished studying 2 chapter for my upcoming test in June.
I was happy this morning when I drove to the grocery store, the weather and scenery were beautiful and a good song played. 
I spoke with my brother this morning; he had a baby last week, and everyone is doing very well
I ate my favorite breakfast. 
Help my mum do the house chores which made me happy.
I had a coupon for a free item that had an expiration date of the 1st and I forgot about it until 11:55pm on the 1st. I drove to a store that was open to try to use it, but the register rejected it as expired as it was already a little past midnight. I tried a different store and  was able to use it without issue.
I played Dota and snooker games online for few hours. Enjoyed it.
I saw pictures & videos of my 2 year old niece in Hawaii. She is so cute, playful & beautiful. I haven't met her yet, but it put a smile on my face knowing that I'll be vacationing in Hawaii within the next couple months & seeing those laughs & smiles in person. 
My husband finally did something on the "honey-do" list that I've been asking him to do for two weeks.
I finished up the weeks laundry!
Planting vegetable and flower seeds in their little pots.
My husband and I went out for coffee and pastries at a cute little coffee shop.
Going shopping and browsing deals made me happy.
My 8 month old daughter did not cry when I brought her over to my parents and she got along pretty well.
Hanging out with my girlfriend and watching a movie.
toady had dinner with my parents
Placing an order for an item I really need.
Last night I cuddled up in bed with a good book and my cat while it was gently raining outside.
I finished my assigned homework from last week
I got Arby's for the first time in half a year and it was tasty. 
I walked my dog in my neighborhood.
TODAY WE ARE GOING TO PARK. MY SON PLAYING WITH ME. I FEEL VERY HAPPY. BECAUSE HE WAS PLAYING. HE WAS 11MONTHS BABY.
Making a delicious dinner that I also had leftovers for brunch this morning. 
I stopped for a stranger at the mall parking lot to let them cross. In return, they let me have their parking space, which happened to be just a few steps from the mall entrance.
I went on a bike ride to a big park that I don't get to go to often.
I found out my good friend won a little money at a casino.
We gave my cat a bath and, despite him hating it, it was hilarious and the humor made me very happy.
I had an easy day at work.
My new coworkers like working with me. 
Last night I had dinner with 10 of my friends and we all had fun drinking and talking.
We had friends over when UNC won an exciting final 4 game to make into the NCAA finals; it was a joyous occasion.
I had a wonderful Italian dinner with my family last night. 
My brother saw that my yard needed to be mowed, and he came and mowed it all without me asking.
It is sunny unlike all of the rain we have had lately.
I finished up some yard work that I had been working on for the last few weeks. 
I found a shirt at the store that is really pretty and purchased it.
Went to the cinema to watch Logan, it's really a great movie, I loved it.
My best friend is coming into town this week and confirmed her plans with me yesterday, I am so excited to see her, it has almost been a year!
I read the bible starting from the book of job and finished the entire book yesterday last night.
I was happy to wake up and see my sweet poodle's nose beside my bed. She wanted to go outside.  She's very sweet, and comical, so she made me laugh. It was a great way to start the morning.
I checked out my hybrid.io balance (a site that I make money on) and saw that I have about $8 coming in shortly.
We just booked the 17th cabin on our upcoming group cruise.
I started my wedding planning!
I found an obscure book I've been trying to track down.
Went to the bar and got drunk with friends, to celebrate friend's birthday.
I was feeling down on myself and my coworker said a lot of nice things to me to make me feel better.
I met up with a good friend 
I decided to get some sugar free coconut ice cream and drizzle dark chocolate on it.
I managed to clean out my closet and make space for new things.
During lunch, we discussed the pros and cons of having a prehensile tail, like a spider monkey. Our friend Chris said that it would be uncomfortable for him, because he would have to sit on it. My argument was that it would be useful and eventually you would adapt to sitting on/tucking in/curling up your new tail. It was a really amusing conversation. 
to day i am helped to poor peoples .that is happy movement in my life.
I slept for 7 hours and was well-rested.
My boyfriend got off early from work after I thought he would be there overnight.
I received a very special gift from my inlaws to celebrate 10 years of marriage that we celebrated this month. 
My daughter make me happy for doing my work she help me in my house hold work. I was relaxing some ime she help me a lot. it make me very happy 
I have finally made my mind up to cut down on drinking. Wanting to do something and doing it are two different things.
I made a healthy breakfast
Today, I got to hang out with my best friend and play video games together.
I ate a delicious microwaved apple treat.
I watched the television show Legion with my friend.
I got to babysit for my 2 year old granddaughter yesterday.
I went to my best friend's birthday party. We all had a great time and it was very fun.
Last night I was playing soft-tip darts and I achieved new personal bests in the game of 701 split-bull, 701 single bull, and high score.  I was hitting the bullseye almost as well as the soft-tip pros.
I got to sleep in a little longer this morning when a meeting was cancelled. It was also raining and I love falling back asleep to the sound of rain. 
Making concrete travel plans to Thailand with my best friend.
Talking with my sister yesterday about an upcoming wedding we are going to be attending that is in another country.
MY SON BROUGHT HOME MY FAVORITE SUB FOR DINNER SO I DID NOT HAVE TO COOK!
I felt the sunshine on my shoulders.
I got a good deal on some items at the grocery store when I went shopping.
I made it through the morning without experiencing any morning sickness due to my pregnancy.
I went to Mass at my favorite local church.
I spent time with my little brother playing various games and pretend scenarios.
I was able to afford a 4 pack of Blue Moon to watch with some cheesy Lifetime movies.
Going to a memorial service. Hearing all the great things about my husband aunt was the greatest thing.
My two teams won their basketball games last night.
I played peek a boo with my baby niece.
After lunch today, my sister that lives in another state called me. I had not talked to her in about a month. We talked for about an hour. I was very happy to hear from her.
I bought some nice clothes for myself
I ate a very good dinner with my family
In the past 24 hours, I went on a small roadtrip to visit a friend that I hadn't seen in a while and that made me really happy because I was really close to this friend back when we were in college and now that we went our separate ways I haven't seen him in a few years so I was really happy that I had the chance to see him again. 
My son was very interested in the rainstorm and cloudy sky outside during lunch and it was fun talking to him about the clouds and rain.
I was at casino with my wife, and had a very good evening there
A third event that made me happy was getting my new glasses.
I was happy when our magnolia tree blossomed.  
I got a call asking me to come in for an interview, so I have a really good chance of getting a new job in the very near future. This made my day.
It made me happy when I received a text from my sister.
I ate a Whopper with extra pickles.
I passed my math test which was the deciding factor if I passed the class or not.
sat an ate lunch with my family after church it was good,as alway we ate churches chicken and evey one had a small on there face.
Getting to see family I haven't seen in a while.  
I got a new game on my phone and really enjoy it
watching ncis.
Noah Robbins had a huge amount of hits for .30 cents a piece and I was one of the first people to do it. I made over 50 bucks this morning or more than half of my weekly income.
I was called to sign a lucrative business deal.
I strongly believe that yesterday ordinary event make me so happiest person in the world, This event I really like, important people like friends who will always be there for no matter what and job satisfaction can definitely lead to happiness.
I enjoyed a video online.
I made a great breakfast for me and my girlfriend.
Watching my favorite anime shows
I found delicious muffins on sale the the grocery store.
The weather was beautiful today!
I saw a few very attractive ladies in the bar during the basketball game. 
My husband drove to the store to buy the ingredients especially for making me the pigs in a blanket meal. He didn't even want to eat it, but because I did, he drove to the store to buy the necessary items. He loves me. 
Another thing that made me happy is eating spaghetti and then having some chocolate chip cookies.
I watched Family Guy while high. 
My daughter gave me a hug.
Watched a movie that I have been wanting to watch.  
I got to sleep in past seven o'clock for the first time in about a week and it made me really happy. 
Playing an online game and having a good time. It's something I always turn to for some distraction and entertainment.
I was able to clean the entire basement of my home.
My brother came out to the kitchen for coffee and wished me a great day.
I went to church with my kid today and got to watch her light the candles.  Then it was communion day and I watched as she went up for that as well.  I get very tickled watching her do these things on her own.  She's getting so big and some mature.  Watching her do this stuff makes me happy.
My rent is paid even though it is expensive. 
Took a warm bath after I woke up, IT WAS very relaxing.
My boyfriend came home after a long day at work and said that he was happy to see me. He also said he was hoping that I would be home when he got here. 
When I watched more Big Bang Theory. 
I rode my bike n the new trail the city just finished right before winter.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was watching youtube videos of dogs.
I completed all my daily to-dos in my bullet journal and it made me happy to feel so productive.
I found out that a friend of mine is pregnant and expecting to give birth to a girl in July.
Watching a gay pride parade
I found a supplement that gave me the perfect balance of electrolytes, which was a huge help to my overall diet!
I found a lost piece of jewlery.
I got a good deal on asparagus at the store.
I got a huge bonus from one of the tasks I was working on on mturk, numbering on 100 dollars!
Gonzaga defeated South Carolina in their Final Four basketball game.
I received the replacement cord for my headphones that I've been waiting three weeks for.
I played a game for about half an hour.
I mowed my lawn it and it looked great.
I watched my son attend a birthday party at a gymnastics studio and he was having so much fun running around and jumping.
I ate dinner with my friends. We went to a very nice restaurant that had a piano player. 
My parents drove over to my area to have lunch with me, we went to a really good restaurant that we hadn't been to in 10 years together.
Wrestlemania is on!  The most wonderful time of the year for wrestling fans.
I went and saw the movie Beauty and the Beast with my wife
My close relative diagnosed having no cancer from the medical tests conducted 
I had a great breakfast with my cousin and it was very tasty.
Eating a delicious dessert last night made me happy because it stimulated my senses in a positive way.
I went to visit my mother, and she was doing spring cleaning when I arrived. She had her front door open and her bulldog came running full speed and pounced on me and started licking me all over! It was so cute!
Going to the movies with my dad.
This morning when I woke up I weighed myself and I'm down another 3 pounds which is very exciting. I've been following a strict exercise and diet routine since January and it's super pleasing to see my hard work paying off. 
My favorite tv show came back after three weeks of being off air and I totally forgot about it 
I cleaned out my fridge of several super gross containers and it made me so relieved to have it over with!  
I finished a project at work.
My dog's vet said she no longer need meds
I found out my girlfriend got the job she interview for. 
I found a bunch of my favorite protein bars on clearance at the grocery store and loaded up with several boxes worth for far less than I would have normally paid.
I went out for coffee on my day off in order to relax.
My daughter looking and me and smiling left me happy.
My kids hugging me and giving me kisses, telling me they love me.
In the past 24 hours, something that made me happy was that my husband surprised me by making chow mein for dinner with spaghetti squash and it was very good and surprising because I can't eat pasta and I was really missing chow mein so it was really sweet of him to try to recreate it for me using spaghetti squash. 
Something that made me happy was having a nice family dinner with my parents and brother.
My Wedding anniversary 
I got to play about 3 hours of Zelda the breath of the wild on my Switch while the kids were asleep.
This afternoon I checked my portfolio and found out than an investment I own went up in value by over 10%!
I had a smoothie that was really good.
today complete my long time project in office. so our team was very happy share wishes to all our team members.
my son is almost sleep so I can have some peace
I took a walk and looked at the sky.
I heard back from a girl I have been trying to go out on a date with.
Something that made me happy in the past 24 hours was that my husband won a 50/50 raffle and won $545.  
Hanging out with my girlfriend and watching a movie with her.
